`` panic in the street '' is an exciting and atmospheric thriller
in which director elia kazan achieved a great sense of realism
by shooting the movie in new orlean ,
using a number of local person
to fill various role
and making intelligent use of improvisation .
as a result 
the character and dialogue both seem very natural and believable .
an important deadline
which has to be met in order to avoid a disaster ,
provides the story with its great sense of urgency and pace and the problem
which delay the necessary action from being taken ,
then increase the tension to a high level.following a dispute between the participant in a card game 
a man
called kochak
( lewis charle )
is shot
and his body is dumped in the dock area .
when the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus 
u.s. public health official dr clinton reed
( richard widmark )
is called in
and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague .
reed insists
that all known contact of the dead man
must be inoculated
without delay
because the very infectious nature of the disease means
that without such action ,
anyone infected could be expected to die within days.as the identity of the dead man
is unknown ,
the task of finding his contact is expected to be difficult
and this situation is not helped
when city official and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by reed 's iefing .
they doubt
that the threat to the public is potentially as serious
as he claims
it is
and their initial lack of commitment is just the first of a series of obstacle
which prevent action from being taken urgently .
the investigation
that follows is hampered by a lack of cooperation from the immigrant community 
a group of seaman 
the proprietor of a restaurant
and also some illegal immigrant before the man 's identity and his contact are eventually found.kochak 
an illegal immigrant ,
had been in a gang with blackie
( jack palance ) ,
raymond fitch
( zero mostel )
and vince poldi
( tommy cook )
and when gang leader blackie becomes aware of the ongoing police investigation ,
he presumes
that kochak must 've smuggled something very valuable into the country .
as kochak and poldi were related ,
blackie assume
that poldi must know something about this
and goes to find out more .
poldi 
however 
is very ill
and unable to provide any information .
blackie ings in his own doctor and together with fitch start to move poldi out of his room and down some stair and this is
when they meet up with reed
and an exciting chase follows.richard widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid public official
who copes efficiently with the onerous responsibility of his job whilst
also dealing with his domestic preoccupation as a family man .
in an unusual type of role for him 
he also portrays the determined and serious minded nature of dr reed very convincingly .
jack palance 's film debut sees him giving an impressive performance as a ruthless thug
who misjudges kochak 's reason
for leaving the card game
and also the reason for the intense police investigation .
his distinctive look also help to make his on-screen presence even more compelling.in typical docu-noir style ,
expressionist cinematography and neo-realist influence are utilized in tandem
to effectively capture the atmosphere of the location
in which the action takes place .
elia kazan direct with precision throughout but also excel in the memorable chase sequence in the warehouse and on the dockside .
