my take :
makes use of its familiar plot with fine performance and a few genuine moment of excitement .
the plot is familiar .
an innocent man is framed for a plot
to assassinate the president of the united state 
the first traitor in the united state secret service .
as his fellow secret-service agent pursue him ,
he tries to prove his innocence .
of course we know his innocent ,
and the real culprit is just around the corner ,
but i was still entertained by the sentinel .
in this time where thriller are reduced to being too ludicrous
and too abundant in action sequence ,
the sentinel is a good lick-back to all those good old-fashioned political crime thriller .
the familiar plot is elevated by neat thrilling sequence and terrific performance.michael douglas 
the perfect man for the job 
is long-running secret service agent pete garrison ,
who is framed for being part of a plot
to assassinate the president .
former colleague in the secret service
( kiefer sutherland and eva longoria )
pursue harrison
while he tries to find out
who is behind the possible assassination and the traitor in the secret service .
this leads to a lot of chase scene
that ,
surprisingly ( and thankfully ) ,
are never unbelievable .
the screenplay also offers a subplot
involving garrison
having an affair with the first lady
( played by kim basinger ) .
this thankfully was not unnecessary like most subplot are to these kind of film.the film director
is clark johnson
( s.w.a.t . )
who manages to make the film look good .
although many have criticized it
as `` should have been a tv movie '' ,
i must disagree .
agreed 
this is not a perfect film ,
and much of it is inspired from other action thriller and political intrigue like in the line of fire or an episode from the tv series 24
( which this film closely resembles
when it comes to style and star sutherland ) ,
but even so 
this film takes its plot into serious height
and does not abandon even its smaller detail .
the performance are terrific
( with a top-notch cast ,
its bound to be 
even with the by-the-number script.all-in-all 
i award it ***1/2 
not perfect 
but not far from it.rating :
***1/2 out of 5 .
