georgia rule has got to be one of -
if not the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
the whole movie has a very surreal feel
that made me gasp 
`` what ? ''
out loud at least 7-10 time throughout its grueling two hour course.advertised in its trailer as a movie about three generation of woman - jane fonda as the matriarch 
felicity huffman as her daughter 
and lindsay lohan as the rebellious 
over- sexed 
scan notily clad grand-daughter 
the viewer thinks
this will be a clich\u00e9 
light 
chick-flick about growing up
and coming together as a family.talk about false advertisement at it worst.after many shot of animal
doing `` funny '' thing in the background of `` pivotal '' scene and not to mention a whole five minute
focusing on an old woman
who comes into a doctor 's office weekly
to have her diaper changed ,
or the fact
that this movie is actually about lindsay lohan 's character
being sexually abused by her step-father ,
georgia rule creates its own genre of cinema :
the ungrounded 
horribly acted 
inappropriate comedy dealing with extremely serious issue in the most awkward 
surreal 
strange way .
if garry marshall wanted this movie to be a drama/comedy ,
then he should have watched the royal tenenbaum .
sideway .
junebug .
and so on .
and so on.the only way i feel
i can get a reader to understand the horrific genre
that georgia rule fall under is to create a hypothetical situation .
say
that the movie 
the 40 year old virgin 
was about the main character being celibate
because he was sexually molested as a child .
but instead of having the movie take a more dramatic turn ,
belly laughs and comedy would ensue ,
with all of the character ' reaction
being that of fake 
lifeless ,
human being pretending to care .
throw in a yellow parakeet 
dermot mulroney as the flattest 
most non-dimensional character
that could have been cut completely out of this poorly written script 
along with a male character
who throws away all of his religious belief and moral
to be with a trashy 
too-tanned girl
who share none of the same interest as he 
as well as an an unnecessary car chase scene 
unreal moment of character
trying to relate to each other ,
and you have got georgia rule.i found this movie
to be an insult to any of those person out there
who are struggling filmmaker 
screenwriter 
actor 
editor ,
etc..who have a lot more talent
and are not getting noticed.do not see this movie :
my rule .
and if you must ,
get sufficiently drunk before hand .
