an mtv-style film crew consisting of american t.v .
programme producer zack zardine
( matt borlenghi )
his camerawoman 
the australian cecily
( kate fisher )
and two surfer 'dude ' named bog hall
( dax miller )
and jeremy
( joel west )
arrive on some nice looking island somewhere ,
it is not actually revealed where .
the crew plan to shoot an expose on 'bloodsurfing '
which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sport .
surfer throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract shark ,
just to see if they can out-surf them
without being eaten .
once there they are greeted by sonny lofranco
( cris vertido )
and his wife melba
( susan africa ) .
their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark infested water of lilo-cay .
sonny 
melba and their daughter lemmya
( maureen larrazabal )
take them in their boat .
soon after arriving and having already shot some 'bloodsurfing ' footage sonny ,
melba and lemmya are all killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile
that
some say 'own ' the island .
the boat is sunk .
zack 
cecily 
bog and jeremy appear stuck on the island until such time a rescue party arrife .
however 
after a run in with some 
erm well i do not really know what they are .
pirate ?
drug smuggler ?
revolutionairy ?
fat ugly person
who just do not like being with other person ?
who knows ?
and more importantly who cares ?
not me that is for sure .
anyway ,
after escaping from these guy
who look like pirate ,
they are picked up just off the coast of the island by captain john dirk
( duncan regehr )
and his girl arty
( taryn reif as tara reif ) .
the film crew believe
they have been saved .
little do they know
that the crocodile and captain dirk go way back
and he has a score to settle
and four member of a film crew are not going to stop him .
captain dirk heads back to lilo-cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile.directed by jame d.r .
hickox this is one awful film ,
but it is still not as bad as tobe hooper crocodile
( 2000 ) .
everything about this film sucks .
the script by sam bernard and robert l.levy is terrible 
extremely slow
as the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30 minute mark
and by that time i was seriously bored and annoyed with the hideously unlikeable character
thought up by bernard and levy .
the whole film is also frustratingly predictable as well 
within the first 10 minute
anyone familiar with horror film stereotype and stock character will be able to guess
who dy
and who will survive .
the crocodile effect are awful
and seem to be repeated over and over ,
there is a small puppet head
that obviously has someone arm stuck inside
it controlling it is movement as the water splashes become huge !
the cgi shot of the crocodile are just plain embarrassing to watch .
there is no gore apart
from when a character is bitten in half
which is achieved using cgi to digitally remove the actor legs ,
again it looks terrible .
there is also a ief scene
when someone is impaled on wooden spike
when they set a trap off .
there is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex ,
plus
the female actress are nice and easy on the eye .
there are basic continuity and logical error in the film too ,
in one sequence cecily is filming bog and jeremy 'bloodsurfing ' but from the angle and distance
she is at it would be physically impossible to obtain footage of both the shark and surfer at the same time ,
and surely that is the whole point of her shot ?
when dirk manages to harpoon the crocodile the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shot ,
in one shot the angle of the line looks like it is coming from the sky 
in the shot straight
after the angle is completely different
and it seems
as if the line is coming from below the surface of the water
when in actual fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat
and the line should be almost level with the surface .
i could carry on ,
like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff
if it is so smart as this film tries
to make out ?
but i would probably exceed the 1000 word limit
if i listed everything
that was wrong with this film ,
so i will not .
i hated this film ,
but rather scarily it is still not as bad
as tobe hooper effort at a giant crocodile film .
definitely one to avoid .
