how do i begin to review a film
that will soon be recognized as the `worst film of all time ' by the `worst director of all time ? '
a film
that could develop a cult following
because it is `so bad
it is good ?
'an analytical approach
criticizing the film
seems both pointless and part of band-wagon syndrome
-- let 's bash freely without worry of backlash
because every other human on earth is doing it ,
and the person
who like the film like it for those flaw
we 'd cite.the film 's universal poor quality goes
without saying -- 'sixteen year of alcohol ' is not without competition for title of worst film
so it has to sink pretty low
to acquire the title
and keep a hold of it ,
but i believe
this film could go the distance .
imdb does not allow enough word to cite all the film failure ,
and it be much easier to site the element 'sixteen year of alcohol ' does right .
unfortunately 
those moment of glory are so far buried in the shadow of this film 's poorness
that that is a task not worth pursuing.my impression ?
i thought
i knew
what i was getting into ,
i had been warned to drink several cup of coffee
before sitting down to watch this one
( wish
that suggestion had been cup of vodka ) .
despite my low expectation 
'sixteen year of alcohol ' failed to entertain me even on a `make fun of the bad movie ' level .
not just bad ,
but obnoxiously bad as though jobson intentionally tried to make this film a poetical yawn
but went into overkill and shoved the poetry down our throat
making it not profound but funny .
.. and supposedly jobson sincerely tried to make a good movie ?
even after viewing the 'sixteen year of alcohol ' promotional literature ,
i have trouble believing jobson 's sincerity .
pointless and obnoxious till the end with a several grin/chuckle moment
( all i am sure none intentional )
spiced the film ,
and those few element prevented me from turning the dvd off .
so bad it is good ?
no .
it had just enough
'i can not believe
this is a serious movie moment '
to keep me from turning it off ,
and nothing more.definitely a film to watch with a group of bad-movie connoisseur .
get your own running commentary going .
that would 've significan notly improved the experience for me .
so bad it is mike myer commentating in his cod scottish accent on it
as it runs ,
to turn this whole piece of sludge into a comic farce `` ok dare ma man ,
pass me annuder gliss of dat wiskey '' .
