i happen to have bought one of those `` legacy of horror '' 50 movie pack collection
and would you believe
i am still looking through them
to find a good horror movie in it .
sometime you find an enjoyable yet campy one like the devil 's messenger or the devil bat 
or one of the great alfred hitchcock 's film
( some are not horror however
and are only on there
because hitchcock directed some horror and suspense )
but other time it seems
that they put movie like the island monster and this on because they can not accept the fact
they would easily be forgotten
and should be for that matter.so we open up to sort of a westing game idea .
the rich yet cruel and abusive father
played by carradine
( the one standing feature of this )
has died
and left his inheritance to his child and servant
who he still hates .
carradine gives a good enough performance as always ,
but he is left mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequence leaving us
to sit through the mediocre/terrible performance .
the rest of the cast either overact or underact in scene .
given this was an independent film of the 70 's the lighting
and effect are pretty limited .
it is hard to build a lot of tension
when the viewer can not see what is happening
that well in some scene .
some actor like the servant igor and elga give an effort at least and i am ashamed to admit kind of left me chuckling at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness
that they pulled some version of a twist to an otherwise pretty obvious who-done-it
but not enough
to enhance the quality of the film .
you are not meant to like the character
as they are either selfish and cruel or psychotic ,
but it takes it to a whole new level and makes many unwatchable .
the death scene are pretty bad
and the suspense is not really there .
it proves
that you would probably enjoy the 20 movie pack `` chilling ''
containing film like house on a haunted hill 
little shop of horror 's with jack nicholson 
and night of the living dead over it .
this is best avoided .
