anyone
who has read my review for uwe boll 's `` alone in the dark ''
will remember
that i compared the unenviable task
of sitting through that piece of human waste
to having each and every hair on your arm
pulled out .
well 
take
that analogy a step further with this irredeemable gutter trash
and try to imagine the pain
of getting your tooth extracted
without novacaine .
do that ,
and you will have a general idea
of what eli roth 's `` cabin fever '' is all about.i
never believed
any one film was capable of topping the sheer agonizing dreck
that uwe boll cranks out as the `` worst film ever made . ''
but 
in all honesty 
i have to say
`` cabin fever '' comes very close .
this is yet another sad excuse for a motion picture
that had absolutely no valid reason
to meet with any form of theatrical release .
for somebody
who claims to love the horror genre as much as eli roth does ,
he has created the single most annoying and convoluted patchwork of a movie i
think
i have ever seen in my entire life .
how do you screw up a story like this ?
think
of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written character ,
without the bad writing ,
and without all that unnecessary and unfunny comedy .
a movie dealing with a grotesque flesh-eating virus could
and should have been so much better than what roth dished out for us here .
this script failed on so many level with me .
and ,
while i do not doubt the evident talent this director possesses ,
i do know
that he fumbled the ball big time on an idea
that could very well have redefined the horror genre.to say
this was a production of missed
opportunity would indeed be a gross play on word .
a generous amount of blood and unsettling special effect can not even save it ,
and that is one element i normally go for .
there really was nothing about `` cabin fever ''
that i could easily recommend to anybody .
when three quarters of the crowd walks out of the theater halfway through ,
you know
the movie is sinking fast .
my best advice to those reading this would be to simply rent
before purchasing .
one viewing was more than enough for me to know
that i will most likely never bother with it again .
