with all this stuff going down at the moment with mj i have started listening to his music ,
watching the odd documentary here and there ,
watched the wiz and watched moonwalker again .
maybe i just want to get a certain insight into this guy
who i thought
was really cool in the eighty just to maybe make up my mind
whether he is guilty or innocent .
moonwalker is part biography 
part feature film
which i remember going to see at the cinema
when it was originally released .
some of it has subtle message about mj 's feeling towards the press
and also the obvious message of drug are bad m'kay.visually impressive
but of course this is all about michael jackson
so unless you remotely like mj in anyway then you are going to hate this
and find it boring .
some may call mj an egotist for consenting to the making of this movie
but mj and most of his fan would say
that he made it for the fan
which
if true is really nice of him.the actual feature film bit
when it finally starts is only on for 20 minute or so
excluding the smooth criminal sequence
and joe pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all powerful drug lord .
why he wants mj dead
so bad is beyond me .
because mj overheard his plan ?
nah 
joe pesci 's character ranted
that he wanted person
to know
it is he
who is supplying drug etc so i dunno ,
maybe he just hates mj 's music.lot of cool thing in this like mj
turning into a car and a robot and the whole speed demon sequence .
also 
the director must have had the patience of a saint
when it came to filming the kiddy bad sequence as usually director hate
working with one kid let alone a whole bunch of them performing a complex dance scene.bottom line ,
this movie is for person
who like mj on one level or another
( which i think
is most person ) .
if not ,
then stay away .
it does try
and give off a wholesome message
and ironically mj 's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl !
michael jackson is truly one of the most talented person
ever to grace this planet
but is he guilty ?
well ,
with all the attention i have gave this subject ...
.hmmm well i do not know
because person can be different behind closed door ,
i know this for a fact .
he is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liar .
i hope he is not the latter .
