the plot of this terrible film is so convoluted i have put the spoiler warning up
because i am unsure
if i am giving anything away .
the audience first sees some man
in jack the ripper garb murder an old man in an alley a hundred year ago .
then we are up to modern day
and a young australian couple is looking for a house .
we are given an unbelievably long tour of this house
and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror .
some 105 year old woman lived there .
there are also large iron panel
covering a wall in the den .
an old fashioned straight-razor falls out
when they are renovating
and the husband keeps it .
i guess
he becomes possessed by the razor
because he starts having weird dream .
oh yeah 
the couple is unable to have a baby
because the husband is firing blank .
some mold seems to be climbing up the wall
after the couple removes the iron panel
and the mold has the shape of a person .
late in the story there is a plot about a large cache of money
and the husband murders the body guard and a co-worker and steals the money .
his wife is suddenly pregnant .
what the hell is going on ? ?
who knows ? ?
nothing is explained .
was the 105 year old woman the child of the serial killer ?
the baby sister ?
why were iron panel put on the wall ?
how would that keep the serial killer contained in the cellar ?
was he locked down there by his family and starved to death or just concealed ?
who is mr. hobb
and why is he so desperate
to get the iron panel ? ?
he is never seen again .
why was the serial killer killing person ?
we only see the one old man murdered .
was there a pattern or motive or something ? ?
why does the wife suddenly become pregnant ?
is it the demon spawn of the serial killer ?
has he managed to infiltrate the husband 's seman ?
and why ,
if the husband was able to subdue and murder a huge 
burly security guard ,
is he unable to overpower his wife ?
and just how powerful is the voltage system in australia
that it would knock him across the room
simply cutting a light wire ?
and why does the wife stay in the house ?
is she now possessed by the serial killer ?
is the baby going to be the killer reincarnated ?
this movie was such a frustrating experience
i
wanted to call my pbs station
and ask for my money back !
the only enjoyable aspect of this story was seeing the husband running around in just his boxer short for a lot of the time ,
but even that could not redeem this muddled 
incoherent mess .
