at the height of the 'celeity big brother ' racism row in 2007
( involving shilpa shetty and the late jade goody ) ,
i condemned on an internet forum those 'c.b.b . '
fan
who praised the show ,
after year of bashing 'racist ' '70 's sitcom such as 'curry and chip ' and 'love thy neighbour ' .
i thought
they were being hypocritical ,
and said so .
'it are not half hot mum ' was then thrown into the argumant ,
with some pointing out
it had starred an english actor blacked-up .
well 
yes 
but michael bate had lived in india as a boy ,
and spoke urdu fluently .
the show 's detractor overlook the reality
he ought to his performance as bearer 'rangi ram ' .
the noted indian character actor 
renu setna 
said in a 1995 documantary 'perry and croft :
the sitcom '
that he was upset
when he heard bate had landed the role ,
but added :
`` no indian actor could have played that role as well as bate . `` .
indeed .
'mum ' was perry and croft 's companion show to 'dad 's army ' ;
also set in wartime 
the sedate english town of walmington-on-sea had been replaced by the hot 
steamy jungle of india 
in particularly a place
called deolali ,
where an army concert party puts on show for the troop ,
among them bombadier solomon
( george layton 
his first sitcom role since 'doctor in charge ' ) ,
camp gunner 'gloria ' beaumont
( melvyn hayes ) ,
diminutive gunner 'lofty ' sugden 
'lah de-dah ' gunner graham
( john clegg ) ,
and gunner parkin
( the late christopher mitchell ) .
presiding over this gang of misfit was the bellicose sergeant-major william
( the illiant windsor davy ) ,
who regarded them all as 'poofs ' .
his frustration at not being able to lead his man up the jungle
to engage the enemy in combat
made him bitter and bullying
( though he was nice to parkin ,
whom he thought
was his illegitimate son !
) .
then there was ever-so english colonel reynold
( donald hewlett )
and dimwitted captain ashwood
( michael knowle ) .
rangi was like a wise old sage ,
beginning each show
by talking to the camera
and closing them by quoting obscure hindu proverbs .
he loved being bearer
so much he came to regard himself as practically british .
his friend were the tea-making char wallah
( the late dino shafeek ,
who went on to 'mind your language ' )
and the rope pulling punka wallah
( babar bhatti ) .
so real indian featured in the show - another point its detractor ignore .
shafeek also provided what was described on the credit as 'vocal interruption '
( similar to the '40 's song used as incidental music on 'dad 's army ' ) .
each edition closed with him warbling 'land of hope and glory '
only to be silenced by a 'shut up ! '
from william .
the excellent opening theme was penned by jimmy perry and derek taverner.though never quite equalling 'dad 's army ' in the public 's affection ,
'mum ' nevertheless was popular enough
to run for a total of eight season .
in 1975 
davy and estelle topped the chart with a cover version of that old chestnut 'whispering grass ' .
they then recorded an entire album of old chestnut ,
entitled
( what else ? )
'sing lofty !
'.the show hit crisis point three year later
when bate died of cancer .
rather than recast the role of 'rangi ' ,
the writer just let him be quietly forgotten .
when george layton left 
the character of 'gloria ' took his place as 'bombadier ' ,
providing another source of comedy.the last edition in 1981 saw the soldier leave india by boat for blighty ,
the char wallah watching them go with great sadness
( as did viewer )
.repeat have been few and far between
( mainly on u.k. gold )
all
because of its so-called 'dodgy ' reputation .
this is strange .
for one thing 
the show was not specifically about racism .
if a white man blacked-up is so wrong ,
why does david lean 's 1984 film 'a passage to india ' still get shown on television ?
( it featured alec guinness as an indian ,
and won two oscar !
) .
it was derived from jimmy perry 's own experience .
some character were based on real person
( the sergeant-major really did refer to his man as 'poofs ' ) .
i take the view
that
if you are going to put history on television ,
get it right .
sanitizing the past 
no matter how unsavoury it might seem to modern audience ,
is fundamantally dishonest .
'mum ' was both funny and truthful ,
and viewer saw this .
thank heaven for d.v.d .
's i say .
time to stop this review .
as william would say :
`` i will have no gossiping in this jungle ! ''
