possible spoiler :
not surewhile watching the lion king 1 1/2 ,
i could not help but have mixed feeling about the whole film .
it is definitely a good way
to spend about an hour and 15 minute .
but there is nothing about it
that would give you the same sort of feeling
that the lion king did .
the story 
for those
who have not read the other review ,
is about how timon and pumbaa meet ,
and how they affect event in the original lion king.there are actually some very funny joke in the movie .
my favorite part is when they show the pair raising simba .
however 
for me the worst part have to be
when they show timon and pumbaa directly interfering with the event of the original .
i can never look at the `` circle of life ''
or `` can you feel the love tonight ''
sequences the same way again
( i am okay with the `` i just can not wait to be king '' sequence )
.the voice talent are excellent .
nathan lane and ernie sabella do a wonderful job ,
as do matthew broderick 
the guy
who does rafiki ,
and the hyena .
even the actor
who does young simba sounded enough like jonathon taylor thomas for me .
but why did they even include a voice actor for zazu ?
he literally had only 2 line ,
and neither were very necessary .
the addition of julie kavner and jerry stiller only add to the talent ,
although you still can not hear timon 's mom 's voice
and not think
of marge simpson.there are some scene
that seem to not fit in with the original ,
the one coming to mind
being when they are pride rock at the end .
how did they have time
to fit in the initial fight with the hyena ? as for the dvd itself ,
you can not help but feel
that for a 2 disc set 
the special feature are especially lacking .
they could have easily fit a commentary 
or another aspect ratio on the 1st disc .
i enjoyed the ``
who wants to be king of the jungle '' game ,
even if it is the most shameful example of cross promotion i have ever seen .
some of the question are actually difficult.overall 
a good movie ,
though not nearly as good as tlk or even tlk2 .
