the music and laurence olivier 's some delivery set the tone perfectly for this outstanding documentary .
this is still a must see for ww ii buff 
descendant of the participant of that conflict 
politician
who think
thing always go their way
when they extend their foreign policy via the deck of an aircraft carrier
( did you hear that george bush ? )
and anyone else curious or needing to know the whys whos and how of some aspect of that conflict .
the 26 episode are roughly in chronological order
but can be seen out of sequence
since they are more or less self contained .
there is bound to be new insight for the new viewer
because of the sheer volume presented .
actual footage of the battle is interspersed with interview of those
involved in the story .
many of the interview are with second line authority ,
that is ,
support personnel to the main character 
private 
captain 
secretary 
eyewitness and the like .
you get a real upfront taste of what war is all about.i am
presently watching the dvd version of the original television documentary .
i strongly recommend this over the worn out 
gaptoothed 
overpriced vhs offering available on ebay .
i paid $ 120 cdn for five 2-sided dvd discs .
this new release includes bonus material
and is in full screen mode .
the menus are easy to follow ,
there is first a choice
of which episode you want to view and then after selecting
that you are given the option of various chapter in the episode
or to play the whole episode .
it is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation
there is a tiny amount more of navigation in the menu
but the impact of what you will see
is not diminished after 30 year 
nay ,
after 60 year since the war finished.i remember watching the first oadcast on the buffalo pbs station
just before moving from london in 1975 and wishing right from that time
that i could have a copy .
now my wish has finally come true.see this documentary .
tell your friend .
buy a copy for your liary .
remember and honour the sacrifice and challenge overcome by those from america 
russia 
britain 
canada and all the other nation and people
involved in the final victory .
what an eye opener .
