the release of tarzan the ape man 
in 1932 
caused a sensation .
it may be hard to believe 
70 year later ,
but the film had much of the same kind of impact as the matrix 
or the lord of the ring has achieved 
at a time
when movie and radio were the major source of entertainment .
tarzan became an instant pop icon 
the 'noble savage '
that every woman fantasized about ,
and every man wished
he could be .
the only person unhappy about the situation was edgar rice burrough ,
who ,
while he had agreed to mgm 's creative liberty ,
and enjoyed his hefty royalty check ,
felt the 'dumbed down ' version of his character
( with no plan
to allow him to 'grow ' )
was unfaithful to his vision
( he would start a production company ,
and soon be making his own 'tarzan ' film ) .
mgm 
realizing the value of it is newest 'star ' ,
knew the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... and tarzan and his mate delivered !
the film had an interesting back story ; cedric gibbon 
mgm 's legendary art director 
had gotten a commitment from the studio
to direct the sequel ,
prior to the release of tarzan the ape man ,
despite the fact
that he had never directed
before ( the studio had not anticipated the film 's impact ,
and did not think
a novice director would matter much on a 'novelty ' film ...
and they wanted to keep their oscar-winning department chief happy ) .
gibbon 
a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist 
loved the freedom of pre-code hollywood ,
and decided to have tarzan
and his mate 'push the envelope ' to the limit ... tarzan and jane would frolic in a nude swim ,
and jane would appear topless through most of the film .
maureen o'sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death 
in 1998 ,
that
while a double was used for the swim ,
she trusted the studio ,
and did 'a couple of day ' of filming san top ...
but it became too much of a headache
trying to strategically place plant and fruit
to block her nipple ,
and the idea was abandoned
( the film shot
those day would be worth a fortune ! )
she did do a nude silhouette scene in a tent 
flashed her east at the conclusion of her 'swim ' 
and donned a revised 'jungle ' costume
that was extremely provocative 
very thin 
and open at the side ... and the resulting outcry would help 'create ' the hay office 
and the self-censorship
that would soon engulf the entire industry.mgm yanked gibbon from the production
( the 'official ' reason given was his workload as art director ) ,
and veteran jack conway was listed as the new director ,
to appease the critic ...
although jame c. mckay actually directed the film ,
as conway was busy on 3 other project ,
including viva villa !
the film incorporated the best element of the original
( safaris 
murderous tribe 
tarzan fighting jungle beast to the death
to save jane ) ,
and actually improved on the storytelling .
harry holt
( neil hamilton ) ,
from the first film 
return to africa for ivory from the 'elephant ' graveyard ' ,
and to try to seduce jane into returning to england 
with gift of silk dress 
underwear 
and perfume .
he ings with him martin arlington
( paul cavanagh ) ,
a crack shot and inveterate womanizer ,
who sneers at holt 's chivalrous pursuit of jane 
and stalks her as a potential 'conquest ' ,
to be had by any mean
( including killing tarzan ,
if and when he can get away with it
without being seen )
.tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with jane ,
and puts his foot down 
refusing to allow the hunter into the graveyard .
arlington finds his opportunity ,
catching the ape man alone ,
and shoot him 
then return to the camp with a faicated story of his demise .
now jane has no reason to remain in the jungle ,
and she can direct them to the graveyard 
before her long voyage back to england ,
comforted by the oh-so-sympathetic arlington .
but a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group ... can tarzan ,
being nursed back to health by his ape 'family ' ,
recover in time
to save jane ?
while stock footage is again used extensively ,
the racial stereotype of the 30s are apparent ,
and the gorilla are obviously actor in ape suit 
tarzan and his mate achieves a level of sophistication unsurpassed in any other 'tarzan ' film 
as well as a sexiness
that even bo derek 's blatantly erotic tarzan ,
the ape man could not touch .
johnny weissmuller was in peak condition 
physically ,
maureen o'sullivan was never more beautiful ,
and 'africa ' never looked more romantic ,
and dangerous.tarzan and his mate was a triumph
( although it would be drastically edited for many year ) ,
and remains the classic of the series 
to this day !
