there is something in most of us 
especially guy ,
that admires some really working class small town `` real man '' populist fare .
and sean penn serve it up for us with a cherry on top .
hey 
a lot of person use penn as a political whipping boy ,
but i do not rate movie or actor/director
based on politic or personality .
that is what right wing commantators like excretable faux movie reviewer debbie schlussel does .
while acknowledging
he is one of our best actor and a good director ,
i think
this picture was a simplistic piece of aimless dreck
that he has atoned for since .
okay 
you have the gist of this there is this good cop 
a small town trooper 
joe ,
played against type by david morse ,
who in the opening scene chases some guy on a country farm road in big sixty car .
the bad guy stop 
gets out ,
shoot at him so joe has to blast him dead .
there was no explanation
what drove this man
to do such a desperate violent thing and the dead man 's parent
do some redneck freak out at the police station
while joe feel real sad and guilty
that he had to kill someone .
so we know
that joe 
the farmer forced off his land into a cop job ,
is a good basic sort of guy .
then his other frank shows up ,
he is a sadistic 
amoral bully 
fresh out of the army and nam
where the war got his blood lust up .
some person here and in other review called him just an irresponsible hell
raising younger other and sean was trying to make some point about what our john wayne tough guy culture and war does to otherwise good person
but what i saw was an amoral 
sadistic bully
who enjoys hurting and ripping person off .
then there is mom and dad 
marsha mason and charle bronson ,
who do the requisite turn as old fashioned country couple ,
then die off ;
she by illness
and he by shotgun suicide ,
to advance the story for us .
both time frank the bad guy is away being a miserable sob .
but good joe ings him back to podunksville from jail
so frank can straighten his life out by welding idge
and living with his utterly stupid screaming trashy pregnant wife .
but joe has a nice wife ,
played by italian actress valeria golina ,
who is mexican and sean use this as an exercise in some affirmative action embellishmant of goody joe and his real soulfulness underneath his uniform and crew cut .
for me 
that was an utterly pointless affirmative action subplot
that sean use to burnish his tough guy cred by sucking up to mexican
because mexican are so tough and cool.but frank is bad
and we get the requisite event like stealing friend 's car 
robbing gas station
by beating the clerk over the head
then torching the car and all those cool thing
that hell raiser do .
then there are the mandatory 8mm film childhood flashback of young joey dutifully
moving the lawn and cowboy dressed franky
jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda
so we all know
what deep bond there is between the two of them.so the film meander
around with a lot of small town schlock
to warm the heart of any red stater .
accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixty song like jefferson airplane and janis joplin
which were totally inappropriate 
except for the 60 's era effect ,
to win the heart of old hippie .
the worst offense is that ,
since the movie was inspired by a springsteen song ,
`` the highway patrolman '' ,
that song was not included .
so joe 's ain dead wife goes into labor and joe run off to the bar
to get loaded
and spout some populist drunken victim 's spiel about how tough thing are while good joey comes
to drag him back to his wife .
the bartender is good ole ceasar ,
played by dennis hopper .
so viggo - frank whigs out for no particular reason and beats his pal ceasar to death
after good joe the cop leaves.so joe has chase his bad other down and i was so hoping
that he would do the right thing and blow
that manace to society away .
instead we get a scene
where his other stop ahead of him in some old 50 's junker on some lonely road at night ,
and little franky in his cowboy suit and cap gun gets out of the car to face good joe 
the kid from the 8mm flashback home movie sequence .
oy 
such dreck !
then to top off this drecky sap fest ,
there is some zen crap about the indian runner ,
who is a messenger ,
becomes the message 
ala marshall macluhen ?
see what i mean 
sean has done much better
than this so do not be afraid to miss this one .
