`` gespenster ''
( 2005 )
form 
together with `` yella ''
( 2007 ) ,
and `` jerichow ''
( 2008 ) ,
the gespenster-trilogy of director christian petzold 
doubtless one of the creme-de-la-creme german movie director of our time.roughly 
`` gespenster '' tells the story of a french woman
whose daughter had been kidnapped as a 3 year old child
while the mother turned around her head for 1 minute in berlin -
and has never been seen ever .
since then 
the mother keeps traveling to berlin
whenever there is a possibility and search 
by aid of time-dilated photography 
for girl of the age of approximately the present age of her age .
as we hear later in the movie ,
the mother was already a lot of time convinced
that she had found her daughter marie .
however 
this time ,
when she meets nina ,
everything comes quite different.the movie does not ing solution ,
not even part-solution 
and insofar ,
it is rather disappointing .
we are not getting equipped either in order
to decide
if the mother is really insane or not ,
if her actual daughter is still alive or not .
most disappointing is the end .
after what we have witnessed in the movie ,
it is an imposition for the watcher
that he is let alone
as the auteur leaves nina alone .
the simple walking away symbolizing
that nothing has changed ,
can be a strong effect of dramaturgy
( f.ex .
in `` umberto d. '' ) ,
but in `` gespenster '' 
it is displaced.since critic have been suggesting freudian motive in this movie ,
let me give my own attempt :
why is it that similar person do not know one another 
especially not the person
that another similar person know ?
this is quite an insane question 
agreed 
from the standpoint of aristotelian logic ,
according to which the notion of the individual holds .
the individual is such a person
that does not share any of its defining characteristic with anyone else .
so 
the aristotelian answer to my question is :
they do not know one another
because their similarity is by pure change .
everybody who is not insane ,
believes that .
however 
what about the case if these similar person share other similarity
which can hardly be by change 
e.g .
scarfs on their left under ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under their right shoulder-blade ?
this is the metaphysical context out
of which this movie is made ,
although i am not sure
whether even the director has realized that .
despite our modern 
aristotelian world 
the superstition 
conserved in the mythology of person around the globe
that similar person also share part of their individuality ,
and that individuality 
therefore 
is not something erratic 
but rather diffusional ,
so that the border between person are open ,
such and similar believes build a strong backbone of irrational-ism
despite our otherwise strongly rational
thinking - a source of gespenster of the most interesting kind .
