if this film strikes you
( as it did us and ,
apparently 
other departing the theater )
as disappointingly thin ,
it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing .
the film faithfully presents us bettie page
as she probably was :
a playful almost-innocent from the rural south
whose career as `` the pinup queen of the universe '' was for her just goofy 
natural fun .
her eventual moral qualm 
religious conversion and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate ,
yet hard to understand
given how untroubled she seemed by her livelihood.there are many reason to see this film even so ,
not least of which are the amazing bandw noir cinematography of w. mott hopfel iii
( complete with old fashioned wipe and dissolf ) ,
the 1950's-faithful acting of the cast under the direction of mary harron 
pitch-perfect performance by some of our most underrated supporting actor
( including chris bauer 
lili taylor 
sarah paulson 
austin pendleton 
dallas robert and victor slezak ) ,
not to mention the oscar-worthy and technically difficult lead performance of gretchen mol.ms .
mol does several scene fully naked and most other in amazing period lingerie and `` specialty '' costume
( gloriously
assembled by costume designer john a. dunn ) ,
yet she astonishingly maintains bettie page 's unstudied pleasure in her lush body .
to watch ms. mol as ms. page 
an aspiring actress 
progressing through degree of progressively less `` bad '' audition and student acting scene is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.the script does effectively ing us into 1950 's america ,
where childhood sexual abuse 
lawless abduction and rape 
and the legal suppression of and of pornography
which today seem laughably tame ,
is a reality .
50 's new york is evoked with seamlessly-inter cut news reel footage .
50 's miami comes alive in super-saturated 
16mm-style color .
the real bettie page seems to scamper 
smile and pose before us ,
and yet the effect is curiously lightweight 
barely lewd and not at all dangerous.how odd
that bondage 's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom ,
and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting .
