perhaps i would have liked this film more
if i was not so attached to the character in henry fool .
to those
who 've never seen henry fool ,
i would not worry .
as hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at tiff ,
the film has lot of exposition and explanations.this film is very heavy in plot ,
which keeps the film moving .
there are many humorous moment
and the film certainly has hartley 's trademark humour and rhythm of dialogue .
over all 
a technically well made film
and sure to satisfy new fan of hartley
who are just beginning explore his work .
as for the older fan
who loved his earlier work like trust and amateur ,
this film could go either way .
i have mixed feeling about the film and hartley 's later film in general .
what hartley does best is setting his story in small situation ,
focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic way
in which his character interact with each other .
since his late 90s and onward 
his film have widened in scope in term of subject matter .
mass medium in no such thing 
religion in the book of life and now terrorism in fay grim .
i do not know
if hartley 's talent are suited to such big subject matter
or if he is able to do it justice.strangely enough ,
the film can still be reduced to intimate relationship 
a simple love story about a woman
who goes to seek out the husband
she loves .
the only problem is ,
i have seen henry fool
and everyone seems incredibly out of character in this film .
you can tell this film was written long
after henry fool was finished without any intention of a sequel .
somehow 
the terrorist plot feel
conveniently tacked on through the use of henry 's book of confession as a macguffin
( in the hitchcockian sense ) .
fay 's motivation for finding henry seemed motivated purely by the need of the plot
rather than what being faithful
to who fay was as person in henry fool.i guess
i am slightly disappointed in the film
because it is not true to the character in the henry fool
and it does not exactly work as a straight ahead thriller .
there is too much irony and wryness in hartley 's approach to such as big topic as terrorism .
it somehow work
and does not work at the same time .
all i could say ,
you would either love or hate the film depending on your take on hartley 's work
and how well you know hartley 's work .
fan of henry fool 
be severely warned for a disappointment .
for the rest 
welcome to the world of hal hartley
and enjoy the ride .
