i really do not want to compare martin scorsese 's cape fear to the classic 1962 cape fear film ,
but i can not help it .
not only am i a huge fan of the robert mitchum and gregory peck starred cape fear ,
but when scorsese includes scene right out of the previous film
( cady
taking the key out of the ignition 
dog dying )
and
even using bernard herrmann 's score throughout the entire film ,
he is not giving me a lot of opportunity
to not make a comparison
as i can not help but think
of the classic cape fear nearly every scene .
when comparing scorsese 's version of cape fear to the classic version ,
the remake comes out
destroyed by the classic ;
but
even when taking the film by itself ,
it is still bad.now scorsese and screenwriter wesley strick did not just remake the 1962 cape fear scene for scene ,
they tried to do thing differently .
unfortunately this is one of the film 's problem .
gone is the original crazy and animal-like max cady
who is out for personal revenge ,
the max cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic out to `` save '' sam bowden
and who is in touch with his feminine side
( his word 
not mine ) .
also gone is the stand-up and strong sam bowden
seen in the classic cape fear film ,
the sam found in the 1991 remake is very goofy 
magoo 
distrustful 
and very unlikable .
even mrs. bowden is a completely different character -
she is crazier
than max cady is !
the overall story has also been changed
around - sam did not testify against cady in court
to put him in jail like in the classic version 
sam is now cady 's ex-lawyer
who cady suspect of not doing all
he could to keep him out of jail
and is out to `` save '' him.the overall story has been changed ,
and i do not hold too much against it ,
but the overall script is also weak all around .
other sub-plot have been thrown into the mix
that not only distract from the bigger picture ,
they are also just poorly written .
the film also includes a few frankly absurd scene
and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous line
that you can not take the least bit seriously .
these aspect take away from the dangerous and thrilling nature
that the film is supposed to have ,
but they have some help in this department
as well.now the classic version of cape fear was extraordinarily filmed with illiant lighting and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety
combined with a barefaced utality
that delivered thrill
when the film called for it and a sense of danger throughout its entirety .
however 
scorsese is unable to do any of this in his cape fear ,
giving the film a cookie-cutter early 1990s look ,
no sense of danger 
no suspenseful scene 
and little style
( unless you count animating fire and the skyline style ) .
yeah 
there is some gruesome violence
and some effort was put in
to make this cape fear bigger than the original ,
but it ends up empty and all shock
but no awe.if all
that was not enough ,
the acting is not great either .
robert de niro
( being somehow nominated for an academy award for his performance )
starts off alright as max cady ,
but he gets progressively worse
until he begins to get nothing but laughs instead of scare by the end of the film .
the opposite thing happen for jessica lange and her performance of mrs. bowden 
going from overacting for most of the film
to giving a convincing display of fear and desperation towards the end .
as sam bowden 
nick nolte stays the same throughout the whole film :
beige .
juliette lewis
( who also reeled in an academy award nomination )
is decent enough in her role as danielle bowden ,
but she is called upon to play a real stupid character
and it is hard to really like what we see on screen from her.this film seems to be often counted as one of the few good remake ,
and i can not figure out why .
i wanted to like it ;
i really did - i mean ,
if there is going to be a remake of cape fear i
would rather like that one too -
but i just could not .
containing nothing to be great on its own
and being crushed by the unavoidable comparison to the original cape fear ,
i found martin scorsese 's cape fear to be a very bad film indeed .
the best thing about the film are robert mitchum and gregory peck in their supporting role
- go figure .
