casting unknown michelle rodriguez
as diana was a stroke of genius .
she is perfect .
her acting inexperience actually works in her favor .
we have never seen her
before so it really feels like her story .
she also ings across genuine toughness .
this works against her though ,
because we never doubt her .
you never have to cheer for her to win
because she never goes up against any fighter
we do not think
she can beat .
so as a boxing movie ,
it fails.then again ,
this is not really a boxing movie .
how do you make a movie about a girl
who wants to be a boxer
that is not a boxing movie ?
you do not .
but karyn kusama has anyway .
like many indie film 
`` girlfight '' defy classification or genre and stands on its own as folklore
that could darn near happen in real life.diana is doing poorly in school .
she beats up person
she does not like
( all the other girl in her school for example ) .
she does not fit in .
her father is forcing her kid other tiny
to learn to box so
he can defend himself
when thing get tough .
he gives tiny money for his boxing session
and gives diana nothing ,
as if she has no need to defend herself ,
nor anything worthwhile to make of her life .
tiny wants to go to art school
( cliche ' 
yuck ) ,
so he gives up his boxing allowance to diana ,
who actually wants to box .
thing get complicated
when diana falls for another boxer 
adrian
( santiago douglas ) ,
who 's looking to turn pro .
from there the story winds down toward the inevitable ...
the two meet in the amateur title fight.what left me cold
was that i never found any of this all that interesting .
it is all just a bit too believable .
kid with tough life growing up in rough urban area fall back on sport .
a lot of professional boxer have risen from these circumstance .
the mental and physical toughness this upinging requires lends itself to a game like boxing ,
where anger is your friend .
so this time it is a girl .
big deal.or there is another position
to take :
finally 
a boxing movie about a girl .
woman 's boxing has been around a long time .
the utality we usually see in boxing film is replaced here by discussion of person 's their life and their feeling .
the whole fighting thing is used as a platform from
which to paint a larger picture .
respect .
overcoming adversity .
self-discovery.i recommend `` girlfight ''
because it has a good spirit
and is an example of some great work by a first time director .
the dialogue never rises above soap opera quality ,
but the story itself actually changed my view on some thing .
yes 
the world now seems like a better place .
a film did that.grade :
b-
