it is always difficult to put a stamp on any film
as being 'the best 
'
whether of all time 
a certain genre 
or what have you ,
but i believe
a strong argument could be made that in fact 
laputa is the greatest animated film ever made .
it is in my mind the masterwork of hayao miyazaki 
the most talented of japan 's animated director ,
and it best captures his strength as a director 
storyteller 
and designer 
as well as encapsulating all of his favorite underlying theme .
the version i am reviewing is the 2003 american dub
( i know ,
sacrilege for a hard-core anime fan
to not watch it in its native language ) ;
there is at least one other english language
dub out there ,
i have it on vhs
( i have no idea from what source ) ,
and that version is the single best dub i have ever encountered of any film .
but i thought
it better to concentrate on the version person
can actually find.laputa tells the story of a boy named pazu
( voiced by jame van der beek here ) ,
who 's growing up in a mining town
when one day a young girl named sheeta
( anna paquin )
literally drops from the sky .
it seems she is being pursued by a sinister government agent 
colonel muska
( mark hamill ) ,
who is more interested in the magical crystal
that hangs around her neck .
to keep thing lively ,
there is also a wickedly funny pirate gang after the crystal ,
led by the aging but still boisterous dola
( cloris leachman ) .
the plot revolves around the crystal 's ability
to reveal the location of the fabled flying city of laputa 
a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure .
it is all very much in keeping with a fairy-tale setting ,
but miyazaki know exactly how far to take the story ,
and the plot is peppered with 'gosh-wow ' moment and threaded with his customary morality and warning about abusing the power of nature.the design work on laputa ,
nearly twenty year later 
is still revolutionary .
flying machine of all sort abound 
utterly impossible but so meticulously designed
that you instantly accept them without blinking .
the world is set somewhere around the start of the twentieth century ,
with telegraphs and ancient motorcar alongside those wonderful impossible flying machine .
but it is the city itself
that is sheer illiance in execution ;
laputa is both the garden of eden and the fire of heaven itself ,
and
in that juxtaposition lies its appeal 
its power 
and its danger.beside
being a thoughtfully designed and beautifully rendered film ,
laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography .
from sweeping flying shot to high speed chase on tiny one-man flyer to ships submerging into the clouds
as if they were water ,
laputa display a scope
that most film \u0096 even with the magic of cgi \u0096 can only daydream about .
though we only see a small fraction of this world ,
its simple elegance extends beyond the border of the frame
and we have no trouble
believing in it .
the film also contains one of my favorite 
if not the most exciting 
action sequence ever :
a guardian robot
that fell to earth
is accidentally reactivated and wreak havoc on the fortress
it is kept in ,
all the while trying to protect sheeta
( who was the one
who woke it up ) .
meanwhile 
pazu and the pirate swoop in on their little flying machine to snatch her 
literally 
from the jaws of destruction .
from the horrific sight of the robot incinerating the countryside to the exhilarating last-second rescue ,
the entire sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angle
and knowing
exactly how far to take the audience.it helps
that laputa has an amazing score .
composer joe hisaishi captures the wondrous beauty of this world 
the dewy innocence 
the exciting action 
and the creepy otherworldliness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guardian .
though he re-recorded it for this dvd release
( which imo is not an improvement over his original score ) ,
adding piece here and there ,
the score match the visual perfectly ,
a rare total union of sound and vision.this is not a bad dub .
i am inordinately fond of the older english dub ,
and this one over-explains thing just a tad in spot ,
but i was almost shocked how closely these voice matched those
( and those matched the japanese pretty well ) .
dola in particular is hard to get right ,
but leachman is spot on as the fiery old pirate woman
( her son are not quite as good as the original ) .
paquin does a good job as sheeta 
and mark hamill ,
while i knew
it was him early ,
is more than talented enough
to do muska
( i liked the other english dub of muska a little more 
but hamill 's good ) .
much of the film rest on pazu 's shoulder ,
and van der beek is wonderful .
listening to him made me think
this crew must have had access to the other english dub ,
because vdb match up very closely with the original pazu .
although again
watching a dub
is ground for excommunication among the otaku faithful 
as much as i love this film ,
i do not think
you are sacrificing a great deal
simply watching this particular anglicized version .
john lassiter of pixar introduce it up front ,
and my suspicion is that he 
like so many other 
simply love this film so much
that they tried very hard
to ensure its high quality.miyazaki
has had success in america in recent year with spirited away and mononoke
( one of his few film i did not care for ) ,
but to me laputa is still his crowning achievement .
anyone familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work ,
and again 
this film is a master at the top of his form
hitting on every cylinder .
i would pay big money
to be able to see this on a large screen ;
while
that will probably never happen ,
it is good to know
that at least this classic has been preserved on dvd .
