was this a comedy
or was it a drama ?
i begin this review
by asking this question
because the film
that i just witnessed 
hollywood shuffle ,
was neither funny or rather dramatic .
while it tried so hard to make a point ,
because of this lack of definition
( comedy or drama ) ,
the clever theme and pointed remark were lost .
while i am a strong believer
that there is too much racial profiling happening in hollywood 
even today ,
i do not believe
that townsend 's directorial debut did much to stop it .
instead 
i feel
it only added more fuel to the fire .
townsend 's comic timing in this film was disastrous due to the fact
that the element
he was supposed to be making fun of ,
he was instead promoting and vice versa .
the part
that were supposed to be serious
were somehow
destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy .
townsend had a decent concept with this film ,
but sadly the execution is what ultimately hurt this film .
if you watch the preview before the film
( which i constantly do ) ,
you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you are going to see .
the preview gives the impression of a very intelligent ,
comic film
that prides itself on the intelligence of the viewer ,
but the actually film could not be further from the truth.the main problem with hollywood shuffle is not story itself
( because it is lacking in elaboration ) ;
it is townsend 's direction .
he had a wonderful concept with this film .
exploit the hollywood
that exploits our race .
decent idea ,
but why could not he execute it very well ?
the first reason is that his idea are too random and sporadic .
the structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor at the hospital ,
we are literally everywhere
without any warning or map .
it was obvious
that townsend had quite a bit to say ,
but only a short amount of time
to do it in .
so 
instead of defining his character ,
developing his theme ,
and actually creating a smart film ,
he just throws it all together and prays
that it works .
sadly 
it does not .
instead of a smart comedy ,
we have a hodgepodge of so many idea 
comedic skit 
and underused actor
that this film goes from decent to nearly unwatchable .
what hurts townsend the most are his ief ,
attempt to be funny ,
interruption throughout the film .
from battling a villain
known as jerry curl to parodying siskel and ebert 
townsend 's attempt to poke fun
while speak a message about the film industry falter .
this is because these small intermittent skit actually distract from the central focus of the film
and actually destroy internally .
while townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in hollywood ,
he actually is simply connecting to every stereotype and clich\u00e9 in the book .
what could have been beautiful satire transform into simply generic humor
that never quite stands apart from the rest.so ,
if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story ,
perhaps there is some comfort
in knowing
that some of the wayan other are around
to help spice up this dull story .
wrong !
the wayan are in this film ,
but townsend demonstrates
that he has the ability
to even ing the worst out even in this entertaining family .
definitely in their pre-in living color moment ,
we see
that comedy was something
that all needed to constantly improve upon .
perhaps it was townsend 's direction 
or just maybe this atrocious story ,
but these typically funny comedian were obviously underused
and ignored
when it came to critic of this film .
i just thought
that with the talent pool
that townsend had to pull from that hollywood shuffle would have been funny 
ight 
and a true stab at this obvious hollywood dilemma .
sadly 
it was none of the above.finally ,
i would like to say
that this was a workable film .
there were some moment
( while they were few and way far between )
that had a smile on my face ,
the final product just did not settle well with me .
townsend can be funny ,
but in this film it just felt like he was playing against himself 
instead of through his personal experience and trouble .
i realize
that he was probably speaking the truth ,
but it never came through as that .
instead 
we are threaded through a weak story ,
which supports itself with idiotic flash clip
that may have worked for a sitcom ,
but surely did not work for this film .
even for those
that comment
that this was his directorial debut
and that he was learning from this film ,
i would have to disagree .
if you are starting fresh ,
either have a tight script or defined theme .
townsend had neither of these ,
and combined with the inability
to control his actor ,
he just failed in a ball of flames.overall ,
this was rather disappointing to watch .
it reminded me of a grade school spelling bee
where it is finally your child 's time to spell .
the word is tough ,
but as the first two to three letter come out ,
you think
that it is going to work perfectly ,
but then there is that random `` p '' and silent `` r ''
that forces your excitement to come tumbling down .
that is how i felt with hollywood shuffle .
at first 
i saw the potential ,
i saw the theme and the motive behind the picture 
but through fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first couple of scene 
i experienced
that deep fall feeling .
townsend sank his own ship on this one ,
and i do not think
hollywood shuffle will ever re-submerge as a pivotal moment of hollywood cinema.grade :
* out of *****
