so what constitutes a real independent film ?
in a day and age
where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge ,
i am sorry to say
that what the general public tends to perceive as independent film is usually nothing more than a clever marketing ploy.which is why
we should be glad that film like `` hatred of a minute '' exist .
across the board 
this film makes a point out of contradicting its own template
( indie horror film ) .
love it or hate it 
`` hatred '' is not afraid of being what it is ,
and in watching this film 
you get the real sense
that kallio
( the director )
did not just make this film to spray fake blood all over the place ,
he is in this to tell story .
good one .
you may find this film in the horror film section of your video store ,
but do not be fooled ,
this story is also about love ,
about good person pushed over the edge ,
and that oh-so-distant light at the end of the tunnel.if you expect smut 
or an evil dead ripoff 
stay away from this film .
but if you dig the finer point of the horror/suspense genre 
check this film out.yes .
bruce campbell did produce this movie ,
and i am sure
he is proud to tell anyone
that it is not `` evil dead '' .
bruce has never tried to bank on his `` ash '' image ,
and it is obvious
that he did not get involved with `` hatred '' so that it could do so either.my advice 
though 
to all dead-ite rabidly devouring anything
issued by mr. campbell
is to check this film out anyway
and see what else mr. kallio and mr. campbell are trying to show you.the acting is well done ,
although nothing about this film is oscar caliber
( perhaps intentionally ) ,
it is good to see compassionate performance in a horror film .
so often ,
actor in film such as these do not even seem to try 
with `` hatred '' ,
it seemed
as though all the actor took thier charecter very seriously ,
never resorting to typical horror-film campiness.technically ,
`` hatred '' is about as competent as indie film gets .
the editing is fast paced ,
the cinematography is good given the budget ,
and `` hatred '' keeps a quick pace ,
without any bog-down point or bad anti-climaxes.all in all ,
hatred may not have the glossed over look of all those multi-million dollar fake indie 
but personally ,
i do not see a problem with that .
it is a film by folk
who actually care about the medium .
person
who reached into thier oke ass pocket ,
pulled out thier nickle and dime ,
threw caution to the wind
and made a damn good movie.check this one out .
