more than twenty year before peter jackson 's visionary adaptation of the lord of the ring ,
there was this 1978 animated effort from director ralph bakshi .
an ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story ,
this has sadly been rather over-shadowed by the jackson trilogy .
indeed 
many reviewer here on the imdb
( mainly those
who saw the newer version first )
seem to be fiercely unkind to this version ... .
but if one applies a little common sense ,
and takes into consideration the time
when it was made and the technical possibility
that existed at that time 
then they will realise
that this is a pretty good film .
indeed 
it was shortly after seeing this animated movie back in the early '80s
that i sought out tolkien 's book
and immediately became a lifelong fan of these richly detailed middle earth adventure .
so 
in some respect 
i owe this film a degree of acknowledgement as the film
which shaped my literary taste forever.sauron 
the dark lord of middle earth 
forges an all-powerful ring
that gives him incredible power .
following a great battle
during which sauron is defeated ,
the ring falls into possession of a king
named isildur .
but instead of destroying
it he foolishly choose to keep it .
for century the ring pass from hand to hand 
eventually coming into the possession of a hobbit
named frodo baggin
who lives in a peace-loving community
known as the shire .
frodo learns from a wizard named gandalf
that his ring is in fact the one ring ,
the very same that was forged by sauron all those century ago ,
and that its master is once again searching for it
in order to restore his dark power over the entire land .
frodo embark on a perilous journey
to protect the ring with three other hobbit companion ,
but every step of the way they are hunted by sauron 's ring-wraiths 
the black rider .
there follow many adventure ,
during which a company of nine adventurer is formed to guide the ring to the only place
where it can be `` unmade '' \u0096 mount doom 
in the land of mordor .
the film concludes with frodo and his best friend sam on the border of mordor ,
closing ever nearer to their horrifying destination .
meanwhile gandalf and the other member of the company fight off a huge army of orcs at the legendary fortress of helm 's deep.this version covers just over half of the original book .
a second instalment was planned to ing the story to an end ,
but was sadly never completed .
while the ending feel aupt ,
it does at least end at a sensible point in the story .
one has to feel a little frustration and regret
that no sequel exists
in which we might follow these animated hero to their eventual goal .
the animation is passable 
with a nice variety of locale and character presented in interesting detail .
the music by leonard rosenman is suitably stirring and fit in appropriately with the epic narrative .
the voice-over are decent 
too 
especially john hurt as aragorn and peter woodthorpe as gollum .
on the other hand 
michael schole -
who provides the voice for sam -
is rather campy and goofy ,
which is not well suited to the character .
the lord of the ring is a commendable attempt
to visualise the staggering book
on which it is based .
