i am not a follower of a certain movie genre .
i classify movie only as industrial or non-industrial .
valentine is the second industrial movie of the director jamie blank 
after his urban legend .
unlike urban legend the screenplay and the story line is very weak .
yet again unlike urban legend the basic element of the movie is so dashing and iconic ,
and that is what makes valentine the best .
as the first basic and iconic element ,
the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down-to-earth .
since his secondary school year 
he has grown up with his wound
he had accumulated in his soul against his classmate girlfriend ,
who have made fun of him .
when you concentrate enough on this first element
while watching the movie ,
you will come to see this point of view of humanism :
`` noone is entirely good or evil .
in fact 
somebody
known as evil
can be secretly kind hearted . ''
just
because the story line and the direction is very weak ,
we are not as satisfied
as we deserved .
the second iconic element is 
of course 
the magnificent togetherness of the late 90s ' super starlet :
my favourite is jessica cauffiel
who is killed within the coolest way
to be killed .
an arrow shot from a bow oaches her tummy
and stay stuck in ,
while she was playing hide-and-seek with her blind date ,
never able to met with .
katherine heigl is the first starlet getting killed in a biology laboratory
while trying to hide under human body model
lying on the surgical operation table .
denise richard is killed third ,
while she just found a valentine ' day gift for her at a whirlpool bath .
jessica capshaw is killed last in a confidential and unseen way ,
then she is calumniated to be as the serial killer .
marley shelton is the unluckiest one with a vicissitude of fortune
that she is going to be killed within the most confidential way
that
we will never know ,
'cause the movie is coming to an end
before she is getting killed .
finally 
benita ha is the luckiest one
since she was not a classmate of the serial killer 
david boreanaz.the third and the last iconic element is the soundtrack from the blind date labyrinth scene 
the valentine ' day celeation at dorothy 's house scene
and ultimately the killing theme .
everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as i know .
hard rock never suit better within a serial killer-mystery movie .
