i just saw dreamgirl yesterday ,
and i was really underimpressed .
despite all the oscar buzz ,
this is nothing special .
anyone
who was really impressed by this film
has never bothered to see any of the true movie musical classic .
except for eddie murphy 's great musical and dramatic performance 
dreamgirl is just a glorified tv movie with no style or flair .
just a bunch of amateur singing at each other ! now ,
the first half hour was good ,
but i was irritated at how eddie murphy 's terrific raveup performance were truncated and interrupted by montage .
those were easily the best song and best performance in the film .
and the `` rise to the top '' portion of the film was the only part of the film
that had a consistent point of view or any momentum .
the remaining hour and 45 minute was a formless 
rambling mess
that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough
to be interesting .
it was also visually dull
and included too many sound-alike tune.condon did not try to turn any of the tune into big show piece
as i would expected
they would .
each number in the 2nd half was just one closeup after another of person `` singing '' at each other .
and the way
they shot hudson 's big `` love me ''
number was criminal !
condon just shot her stomping around the stage
-- no drama at all !
god it sucked !
and note to all involved
-- that `` sing-talking dialog '' stuff might work on stage ,
but it does not work in movie
( see embarrassing failure of evita and phantom ) .
all that `` i will teeeell youuuu something efff-ieeee ! ''
crap should have been left on the editing room floor .
those are not `` song .
`` again 
the film
-- except for eddie murphy 's amazing performance --
was nothing more than a glorified tv movie .
there must have been megabuck behind the pr work for this film !
i wonder
how much money was spent
to give it that pre-release `` one to beat '' oscar buzz ?
as a whole this film was 
except for eddie 
nowhere near an oscar caliber movie !
( except for eddie )
i would rank
it right up there with grease 2. big disappointment 
especially after all the
( very expen $ i have )
hype !
