citizenx
( 1995 )
is the developing world 's answer to silence of the lambs .
where `silence ' terrorized our peace of mind 
`citizen ' exhaust and saddens us instead .
this dramatization of the chikatilo case translates rather well 
thank to a westernized friendship between two rostov cop
who become equals.citizenx
may also argue againt
( ! )
the death penalty far better than kevin spacey 's the life of david gayle
( 2002 )
.human are machiavellian mammal ,
under which lie limbic ain
( lizard-logic ) .
why did two kid ,
who knew better ,
stone to death a toddler
they kidnapped ?
why do bloodthirsty woman yell `li-lilililililii ' at act of obscene terrorism ?
-my own term for this is `limbic domination ' 
the lizard-logic urge to dominate an `enemy ' .
if you have the word `enemy'/`vengeance ' in your vocabulary ,
you are easily capable of `limbic domination'.in wwii-devastated 1980s rostov
( located at the mouth of the don river near the black sea ) ,
nothing suppressed andrei chikatilo 's urge for `limbic domination ' from overpowering his layer of civilization .
chikatilo
( jeffrey demunn )
's easy victim were pauper 
usually child ,
who rode the interurban train for fun ,
since they could not afford anything else.citizenx reminds us
that the denial of a rampant soviet bureaucracy cost the life of 52 such `lamb ' .
rostov 's serial killer roamed free for almost 7 year after the polouse arrested
and let him go.the politicization of crimefighting is harmful to polouse force everywhere .
although policing routinely suffer from corruption all over the world ,
in the west 
vote-grabbing by politician can set up chronic inter-agency rivalry 
stymieing a more coordinated response to crime .
in the soviet union of citizenx 
however 
viktor burakov
( stephen rea )
's killer department was suffering from a repressive bureaucracy.geoffrey demunn
plays the psychosexually inadequate chikatilo with faultless but understated authority
-- to the point of complete obscurity .
in real life 
too 
chikatilo had a lifetime 's experience blending in and evading capture.his pursuer 
on the other hand 
sticks out as a strange bird ,
given to unheralded 
naive outburst .
perhaps by design ,
stephen rea gives a very strange performance as forensic chief burakov .
rea 's russian accent is impenetrable ;
and his burakov is humourless and sullen 
at odd with everyone.so
it is donald sutherland
who walks away with the picture .
sutherland 's col.fetisov 
burakov 's boss 
and at first his only supporter 
is an overly restrained 
patient militiaman
whose dignified carriage bear testimony to decade of bureaucratic machination .
his reawakening as a logic-driven
yet still passionate cop
becomes the film 's cornerstone idealism.joss ackland does another turn as a vicious apparatchik 
secretary of communist ideology bondarchuk ,
overseeing the investigation .
naturally 
he quashed the arrest of the most likely suspect 
a communist 
in 1984 
a man
carrying rope and a knife in his bag ,
supposedly going home :
andrei chikatilo.soon 
he replaced burakov with another moscow apparatchik 
detective gorbunov
( john wood ) ,
insisting
that the investigation now focus on `known homosexual ' .
the funniest scene of this sad 
sad film comes during bondarchuk 's and gorbunov 's institutionalized harassment :
one stupid cop earnestly report 
`as i suspected 
comrade ,
it is fornication .
i have made some drawing '
-- cue howling laughter.5yrs
after the body began piling up 
in 1987 ,
the polouse finally tried soliciting criminal profile .
the only cooperating soviet psychiatrist was dr aleksandr bukhanovsky
( max von sydow ) ,
who termed the unsub `citizenx ' .
he later also observed to fetisov and burakov
that ` ... together you make a wonderful person ' .
we concur.the drawn-out pace ,
spread over a decade ,
perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost
-- `openness ' --
that was not .
the contrast with perestroika
-- `restructuring ' --
could not 've been greater for the case .
although chikatilo was still prowling railway station ,
polouse plan were about to bear fruit.in 1990 ,
col.fetisov was expeditiously promoted to general .
his nemesis bondarchuk disappeared off the scene ,
allowing the investigation to finally proceed
without political interference .
staff 
communication 
publicity
-- suddenly all were available .
in just one night of telephoning around 
fetisov got his depressed forensic chief access to the fbi 's serial murder task force at quantico ,
where ,
fetisov discovered ,
staff are regularly rotated off serial murder case to stave off just such psychological damage
to investigators.fetisov advises his newly promoted forensic chief 
now `colonel ' burakov 
of all these change in an avalanche of confession
that becomes the movie 's powerhouse watershed scene .
fetisov 's is the most tender apology i have ever seen on film :
`privately 
i offer my deepest apology
to you and your wife .
i hope
that someday you can forgive me my ignorance ' ,
he almost whispers.a hbo production ,
citizenx is a film of the highest caliber .
not only do the exterior look authentically bleak
( shot exclusively in the most run-down part of otherwise spectacular budapest ) ,
but randy edelman 's soaring soundtrack is entirely overwhelming
-- and frequently our only respite from the bleak utality .
those
who speak hungarian
will recognize the many hungarian accent
and credits.chikatilo 's actual murder are depicted as bleak 
aberrant behaviour born of character flaw and ignorance in an equally bleak world .
this makes the murder seem not-entirely-out-of-place
-- but of course they were .
as president kennedy reminded us 
`we all cherish the future of our child'.citizenx communicates perfectly
that killing is far more grisly and obscene
than any vengeance fantasy might imply .
serial rapist rape to dominate ;
serial killer kill to dominate .
so do some soldier .
such `limbic dominator ' make poor humans.warning-spoiler :
-- -- --
--
--
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
- the real andrei chikatilo was the world 's most prolific known serial killer .
convicted 
he was executed in 1992 in the manner of all soviet union death sentence :
one shot 
in the back of the head .
foolishly 
such method destroy any possibility of studying a deviant ain
after death.conclusion :
-- -- --
--
--
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
the best outcome is always the prevention of killing ,
not their prosecution .
execution merely guarantee society 's failure
to learn from the complex reality of victim ' death
when we dispatch even anecdotal evidence of how/why
they died .
nor do killer learn regret
if they are dead.vengeance does not unkill victim .
baying for the killer 's blood constitutes nothing better than counter-domination
-- once it is too late.vengeance on behalf of the grieving is not justice for the deceased --
it is appeasement of the living .
( 10/10 )
