the story turns around antonio 'scarface ' montana 
an ultra-violent cuban refugee
who comes to the united state with less than nothing ,
and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade ...
as a calculating man with a conscience ,
and extreme ambition 
tony strongly begins to desire the thing
he sees a criminal high-roller enjoying ,
including his luscious lover ...
height his way out of a refugee camp
by enjoying the chance
to stab a former taker of freedom ,
takes out rival dealer ,
gain the confidence of an important drug lord
by eclipsing a local gang boss in miami ,
and eventually makes it to the highest level of the drug organization ... pacino shows the result of greed and lust for power on the human psyche ...
he guns his way through the sunny street of miami
where he got 'the world and everything in it . '
with his ruthlessness 
obscene dialog 
and his negotiation skill 
he begins to imagine himself invulnerable and above all other ...
he quickly moves deep to the world of gang ,
and becomes more ruthless
than anyone else can possibly imagine ... michelle pfeiffer looks dazzling as the addicted wife with no inner life ...
she succeeds in portraying the trophy 'object ' navigating uncertain water with her anti-hero ... mary elizabeth mastrantonio happens to be the best in tony 's life 
the only thing
that is good and pure ... her revulsion at the end of the movie is so fiery
that her whole head could have blown off ... robert loggia exhibits a weak and fearful disposition ,
especially when faced with pacino as a challenger ...
he proves to be a less-ambitious boss in a position of power ... steven bauer shine as the man of charm 
loyal ally and faithful friend ...
the oliver stone-scripted 'scarface ' is a change in genre ,
lifting scene after scene of hawks ' classic
while updating the rise-and-fall gangter saga to modern 
drug-infested miami ...
but 
as always 
the focus is on decadence 
profanity and violence\u0097memorably a sickening chainsaw murder 
rather than on the psychological and social reason for the hoodlum 's psychopathic behavior ...
