i think
we all begin a lot of review with ,
`` this could have made a great movie . ''
a demented ex-con freshly sprung 
a tidy suburban family his target .
revenge 
retribution 
manipulation .
marty 's usual laying on of the karo syrup .
but unfortunately somewhere in universal 's high-rise a memorandum came down :
everyone ham
it up.nolte only speak with eyeow raised 
lange bitch her way through cigarette 
lewis `` ohmagod 's ! ''
her way though her scene 
and bobby d ... well 
he is on a whole other magic carpet .
affecting some sort of cajun/huckleberry hound accent hyid ,
he chomps fat cigar and cackle at random atrocity such as `` problem child '' .
and i want you to imagine the accent mentioned above .
now imagine it spouting ain-clanging religious rhetoric at top volume
like he swallowed six bible ,
and you have de niro 's schtick here .
most distracting of all 
though 
is his most overdone use of the `` de niro face ''
he is so lampooned for .
eye squinting 
forehead crinkled 
lip curled .
crimany 
bob ,
you looked like plastic man.the story
apparently began off-screen 14 year earlier ,
when nolte was unable to spare de niro time in the bighouse for various assault .
upon release 
he feel nolte 's misrep of him back then warrant the terrorizing of he and his kin .
and we are supposed to give de niro 's character a slight pass
because nolte withheld information
that might 've shortened his sentence .
de niro being one of these criminal
who ,
despite being guilty of unspeakable act ,
feel his lack of freedom justify continuing such act on the outside .
mmm-kay.he goes after notle 's near-mistress
( in a scene some may want to turn away from ) ,
his wife 
his daughter 
the family dog 
ya know .
which is one of the shortcoming of wesley strick 's screenplay :
utter predictability .
as each of de niro 's harassment becomes more gruesome ,
you can pretty much call the rest of the action
before it happens .
strick is not to be totally discredited ,
as he manages a few compelling dialogue-driven moment
( de niro and lewis ' seedy exchange in an empty theater is the film 's best scene ) ,
but mostly it is all over-cranked .
scorsese 's cartoonish photographic approach comes off as forced ,
not to mention the horribly outdated re-worked bernard hermann score
( i kept waiting for the wolf man
to show up with a genetically enlarged tarantula )
.thus we arrive at the comedic portion of the flick .
unintentionally comedic ,
that is .
you know those scene
where something graphically horrific is happening ,
but you can not help but snicker out of sight of other ?
you will do it here .
nolte and lange squawking about infidelity 
de niro 's thumb-flirting 
he cross-dressing 
and a kitchen slip on a certain substance
that has to be seen to believed .
and bob 's infernal 
incessant 
constant 
mind-damaging 
no-end-in sight blowhard rambling of all the `` philosophy ''
he disovered in prison .
i wanted him killed to shut him up more than to save this annoying family.i always hate
to borrow thought from other reviewer ,
but here it is necessary .
this really *is* scorsese 's version of freddy krueger .
the manner
in which de niro relish 
speak 
stalk 
withstand pain 
right down to his one-liner 
is vintage freddy .
upon being scalded by a pot of thrown water :
`` you trying ' to offer sumpin ' hot ? ''
please .
and that is just one example.unless you were a fan of the original 1962 flick
and want a thrill out of seeing balsam 
peck 
and mitchum nearly 30 year later
( or want a serious head-shaking film experience ) ,
avoid a trip to the cape .
