hyid start as water treatment planet security guard aaron scate
( cory monteith )
is involved in an accident
which leaves him blind .
luckily it just so happens
that illiant scientist dr. andrea hewitt
( justine bateman )
who works for olaris
has developed an operation to transplant organ from one species to another ,
hewitt decide aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment .
hewitt and her team transplant the eye of a wolf into aaron
and he miraculously regains his sight .
brilliant 
right ?
well 
no not really since aaron start to go mad
as he sees random image of wolf
and start to develop a lust for blood .
aaron escapes the olaris building
and goes on the run
but he is too valuable
to just let go
and a full scale search is mounted to capture him ...
directed by yelena lanskaya this is yet another sci-fi channel offering
that is quite simply put terrible in every possible way ,
i think
it probably started out life as a straight 'creature feature '
but ended up as one of the most boring and dull sci-fi channel film i have seen
that does not even feature any sort of monster or creature .
hyid is awful ,
the script is terrible and i am not even sure
who it was meant to appeal to .
the initial set-up is ok with aaron getting wolf eye
but then hyid ditch the sci-fi element
and becomes some sort of horrible drama
as it focuses entirely on aaron 's mental state
as he wonders around doing nothing in particular with some native american woman .
yep 
you do not think
the sci-fi channel could make a film about wolf and put load of rubbish about native american mythology in there
as well do you ?
the dynamic of the character 's is bizarre 
aaron is shown as the persecuted hero
yet he is the only character
to kill anyone in the film
and is a fairly unlikable 
ungrateful and annoying person
while dr. hewitt is shown as the evil scientist
yet she gives aaron back his sight
and does nothing but try to help him .
i mean aaron is given back the gift of sight
yet hewitt is the villain ?
also the regular sci-fi channel staple of us military intervention is present ,
the problem is why do they want aaron so badly ?
he is not a soldier
and while he has wolf eye
to help him see in the dark
he is utterly unremarkable .
the script can not make
it is mind up
whether it is all in aaron 's mind
or it is real ,
the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked
( rememeber this was made for telly )
aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolf set to some horrible music
that
i think
is supposed to be emotional
but makes it even more funny .
there are so many thing wrong with hyid ,
it is slower than hell ,
there is virtually no action ,
there is no werewolf and the film goes round in circle trying to get into aaron 's mind
yet it is all so ridiculous ,
silly and boring you will not care one bit
and there is never any explanation
as to why despite just having wolf eye transplanted aaron
start to develop other wolf senses.as a diabetic i
have problem with my eye ,
hell i have had major surgery on my right eye and i can guarantee you
that
after an operation your eye would be puffed up ,
you would not be able to open it
and it would hurt like hell yet despite having eye transplant
as soon as aaron wakes up in bed his eye are perfect with no swelling or even redness .
there are no special effect 
no blood or gore or violence and nothing to excite you .
in fact now i think
about it there is nothing even remotely horror or sci-fi feeling about this ,
it feels like a drab film of the week.filmed in manitoba in canada the film looks ok
but is bland and forgettable .
the acting is poor from all involved none of whom i have seen
before and hopefully never again.hyid is a terrible film
that is obviously marketed as some werewolve 'creature feature '
but is far from that and most person will really struggle to get to the awful ending
which will probably have you in stitch .
