a remarkable example of cinematic alchemy at work 
with a trite'n'turgid lump of lead script
( penned by numbingly mediocre hollywood hack nonpareil jole schumacher 
no less )
being magically converted into a choice chunk of exquisitely gleaming 24-carat musical drama gold thank to isk direction 
fresh 
engaging performance 
spot-on production value 
a flavorsome recreation of 50 's era new york 
an infectiously effervescent roll-with-the-punches tone 
and a truly wondrous rhythm and blue score by the great curtis mayfield.the story ,
loosely based on the real life exploit of the supreme ,
prosaically document the arduous rag-to-riches climb of three ight-eyed 
impoverished black teenage girl singer
who desperately yearn to escape their ratty 
unrewarding ghetto plight
and make it big in the razzle-dazzle world of commercial randb music .
all the obvious pratfall of instant wealth and success
-- egos run destructively amok 
drug 
corruption ,
fighting to retain your integrity 
and so on --
are predictably paraded forth ,
but luckily the uniformly excellent work evident in the film 's other department almost completely cancels out schumacher 's flat 
uninspired plotting .
the first-rate acting helps out a lot .
irene cara 
lonette mckee 
and dwan smith are sensationally sexy 
viant and appealing lead
-- and great singer to boot .
comparably fine performance are also turned in by a charmingly boyish pre- '' miami vice '' philip michael thomas as the group 's patient 
gentlemanly manager 
dorian harewood as mckee 's venal 
aggressively amorous hound dog boyfriend 
and perennial blaxploitation baddie tony
( `` hell up in harlem 
''
`` bucktown '' )
king as a dangerously seductive 
smooth operating 
stone cold nasty gangster .
the tone dip and dovetail from funny and poignant to melancholy and blithesome
without ever skipping a beat ,
deftly evolving into a glowing ,
uplifting ode to the human spirit is extraordinary ability
to effectively surmount extremely difficult and intimidating odds.veteran editor sam o'stern acquits himself superbly in his directorial debut .
bruce surtee ' luminescent cinematography and gordon scott 's expert editing are both flawless .
o'stern 's firm grasp of period atmosphere 
keen eye for tiny ,
but telling little detail ,
and unerring sense of busy 
unoken pace are just as impressive .
no fooling about curtis mayfield 's impeccable soundtrack contribution 
either .
`` jump 
'' `` what can i do with this feeling 
'' `` givin ' up 
'' `` take my hand precious lord 
'' `` lovin ' you baby 
''
and `` look into your heart '' are all terrifically tuneful 
soulful 
almost unbelievably fantastic song 
with the sweetly sultry love jone number `` something
he can feel 
''
which was later covered by both aretha franklin and en vogue ,
clearly copping top musical honor as the best-ever song in the entire movie .
the net result of all these above cited outstanding attribute persuasively illustrates
that sometimes it is not the screenplay so much
as what is done with said
script
which in turn determines a film 's overall sterling quality .
