about the only thing i liked about this film is that there was just enough
in it to keep me in my seat to the end ...
i kept thinking
that maybe in the next scene thing would gel ... alas ... those
who like gus van sant 's film - especially his later one -
will probably like this .
personally 
i find van sant 's film to be dull 
pretentious and facile .
well 
he was an executive producer for this film ,
so it is no surprise
that the film could almost have been made by him -
although personally i actually liked this better than van sant 's latest effort
( e.g .
elephant )
.contrary to many here ,
i did not think
the film was difficult to understand or disjointed ,
i thought
that above all it is a film
that wishes to portray a certain mood - the mood of an adolescent moving slowly into the adult world -
but so slowly that the change are barely visible if at all .
but i feel
that the problem with the film is that `` mood '' is not enough ...
and not only that ,
but that the mood painted here is ,
to my mind ,
incorrectly chosen for the story
that is supposedly happening .
the dream-like quality ,
so closely linked to nature ,
is beautifully captured here ,
but it is a mood
which belongs much more to a much younger child 
one
who really still does get totally caught up in watching nature unfold
( wave on a beach 
grass and flower 
spider etc ) .
the rhythm of the film reminds me of my summer
when i was about eight or nine .
there is a languor to the film
that is in opposition to what should be a very tense time in an adolescent life .
when you are caught up in a crush on someone -
or being the object of bullying at school -
you are anything but languorous !
there are only two moment
that truly worked for me in the film ... spoiler here -
first
when logan drops the grocery and his mother throws a bit of a fit .
the frustration of an adult dealing with a klutzy kid - especially with no father
present - seemed real to me.the second ,
and only part of the film with any tension to it 
were the scene
where `` leah ''
( logan 's re-creation of himself )
phone rodeo and try to seduce him into phone-sex .
the first reason i liked
it is because the person
who did the voice-over of `` leah ''
was the most convincing actor in the entire film .
( it made me think of claire dane from my so-called life ... the voice even sounded like claire . )
she and rodeo had the only scene
that seemed totally believable between the kid .
and what i especially liked was the fact
that rodeo only pretended to play along ...
it was perhaps the best moment in the film
as - finally !
- we got some character development.all in all 
a somewhat misplaced effort ...
we will have to see what he does in his next film
before we can really say much about the director 's possible talent .
in the meantime ,
if he can get away from van sant 's influence ,
it might do him a world of good .
who is this director anyhow
- one of van sant 's boy toy ?
