normally i try to avoid sci-fi movie as much as i can ,
because this just is not a genre
that really appeal to me .
light saber 
ufo 's 
aliens 
time
traveling ... most of the time
it is nothing for me .
however 
there is one movie in the genre
that i will always give a place in my list of top movie
and that is this `` twelve monkey '' i remember to be completely blown away
by it the first time 
but even now ,
after having it seen several time already ,
i am still one of its biggest fan .
every time i see it ,
this movie seems to get better and better.somewhere in the distant future all person live underground
because an unknown and lethal virus wiped out five billion person in 1996 ,
leaving only 1 percent of the population alive .
jame cole is one of them .
he is a prisoner
who lives in a small cage
and who is chosen as a 'volunteer '
to be sent back to in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic .
they believe
it was spread by a mysterious group
called 'the twelve monkey '
and need the virus before it mutated ,
so that scientist can study it .
but their time traveling machine does not work perfectly yet
and he is accidentally sent to 1990 ,
where he meets dr. kathryn railly 
a psychiatrist 
and jeffrey goine 
the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert ...
what i like so much about this movie is the fact
that it is never clear whether all what you are seeing
is real or not .
is this just an illusion ,
created in the mind of a mentally ill man
or is it real ?
does he really come from the future
and can he really travel through time ?
was the population really wiped out by a virus ,
released by the army of the twelve monkey ?
those are all question
that will leave you wondering from the beginning until the end .
if the maker of this movie had chosen
to make it all more obvious ,
i am sure
that i would never have liked it as much
as i did now .
it is just that mysteriousness that keeps me interested time after time .
but that is not the only good thing about this movie of course .
the acting is amazing too .
normally i am not too much a fan of bruce willis ,
but what he did in this movie was just astonishing .
together with madeleine stowe and brad pitt
he should have won several award for it ,
because together with the amazing story ,
they made this movie work so incredibly well.even after several viewing ,
i am still a huge fan of this movie .
except for this movie 
i have only seen one other terry gilliam movie
and that is `` fear and loathing in las vegas '' ,
which was not bad ,
but did not really convince me either .
however 
it is this movie
that really makes me look forward to his other work .
i give it a 9/10 
maybe even a 9.5/10 .
