this is a run-of-the-mill nature porn movie .
by porn 
i do not mean sex .
i mean gratuitous image of ( for example )
thousand of bird together 
or hundred of walruse 
or a giant waterfall or iceberg .
several of the shot in the film seem to exist solely to make their way into the trailer ,
to get person into theatre
to see it for all of ten second
before it disappears never to be seen again
for the rest of the film.there is almost no plot in this film .
told to expect a story of three animal family 
`` better than march of the penguin '' ,
the movie simply does not deliver .
the blame rests in three key area :
( 1 )
the writer
who gave jame earl jone some of the worst line to narrate in nature film history ,
( 2 )
the music team
who over-dramatized everything to tell you what you should be feeling ,
even when the film fails to motivate ,
and lastly but most importantly
( 3 )
the editor
who had the story jump from place
to place with no rhyme or reason 
no continuity 
no flow 
sucking the life out of the entire film
-- a film about life .
when we got to the whale halfway through the film ,
i sunk back in my seat with dread ,
hoping against hope
that the film was more than halfway through ,
and that i would be able to survive the long endurance test
along with the animal on screen.there was also almost no science in the film at all .
they attributed hot and cold
( all of it 
not just the season )
solely to the earth 's tilt ,
ignoring the fact
that we 'd have even greater extreme from location to location
if there was no tilt
because the pole would never warm .
and it would be worst
if we had no rotation
( relative to revolution )
like mercury ,
because half the planet would bake
and the other half would freeze .
then near the end they used the phrase `` human and animal '' ,
as if human are not animal ,
somehow exempt from the law of nature .
so much for science.i must credit the camera work 
however ,
and again
that is why i call this nature porn .
everything from super-slow-motion to what appears to be a finely-tuned mechanically-controlled time-lapse photography ,
was put to use
to provide some
( and i caution ,
only `` some '' )
stunning moment
that do raise the bar
compared to other nature film .
that said ,
i am not convinced
that it was all nature on the screen .
some of the shot showing the great watering hole in africa ,
as it changed from season to season seemed like cgi to me .
a director might have expected such suspicion and built in other shot
to demonstrate
that it is all natural ,
but they did not do that.for a film about earth ,
i had expected a lot more of earth
to be shown .
what we saw was pristine .
we had to take the narrator 's word for it
that some species are at risk due to climate change .
they did not show us evidence of it .
they did not show us alberta 's poisonous tailing pond visible from space .
they did not show us the great pacific trash whorl .
they did not show us a nighttime picture of human light pollution around the planet .
these are as much earth as anything else .
why cover it up for a feel-good whitewash ?
my last criticism of the content is of predation .
any time
a predator was shown on the screen
actually hunting prey ,
the music turned almost into
that mt doom scene from lord of the ring 
with the predator portrayed as some kind of sauron ultimate-evil character .
but predator are not evil .
they perform a necessary service ,
ensuring
that the best member of the prey species survive .
we are predator ourself .
any time
the predator caught the prey ,
we immediately cut away to something else 
to sort of pretend
that death and eating do not really happen .
the final insult was the `` dad '' polar bear being left to die
after he dared to try to eat .
`` bad bear !
bad !
`` 
you can almost hear them say.on to the presentation itself .
my theatre may be in part to blame for this 
but maybe not .
i had expected to see something with greater clarity than i could see on my own hdtv lcd at home .
but the picture was blurry ,
and was presented in the same 16:9 ratio i could get at home ,
instead of the wider ratio many film come in these day .
and during one action-packed scene near the end 
the film
( i can not imagine this happening digitally ,
from how it looked )
was damaged ,
and we lost several of the color ,
eventually blacking out completely .
that repeated about three times.if they actually do plant a tree on my behalf ,
it will have been worth it .
but how will i know ?
