now i myself am a lover of the b movie genre
but this piece of trash insult me to no end .
first of all the movie is starring lizzy mcguire 's other as the annoying little kid
that goes looking for his lost 3 legged dog .
now please what kind of dumb ass mistakes a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile please i ask you ?
and heres another point for pondering ,
why do they show the dinocroc on the back of the movie box
being enormous
and actually in the water ?
i believe
if memory serves the thing
spent about 2.6 minute in the water
and was just shy of 6 foot tall ,
that was a heart eaker .
but redeeming quality to this movie were
that it was so bad
that i almost died laughing
because believe
me the bad acting made me wish for death .
but the fact remains
that once again this thing is created by another military testing site
to train super crocodile for military combat or something like that from the source of all thing evil e.v.i.l corporation .
and let 's not forget the character let 's see we have jerk off # 1 as the male lead and half way decent chick
( who does not know how to act )
as the female lead to that i say wow !
the only thing worse then the acting was the end of course the hero spend
about what seems like 2 hour talking and planning some long elaborate way
of killing the dinocroc only to have it fail
and kill it in an ordinary way
that could have taken about 15 second
to come up with .
all in all this movie was beyond gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact
that it was probably the gayest of all cgi monster ever
made along with the fact
it of course was impervious to bullet and bomb
( otherwise it would not have been made for the military duh ! ) .
by far the best scene was
when lizzy mcguire 's other runs into the shack and the dinocroc eats him
causing his head to pop clean off with a popping noise i
might add .
i believe
that you would be better off shooting yourself between the eye then to watch dinocroc .
and as for the director i believe
that we should get a bunch of person
to hang him by a noose
and all take turn kicking him in the crotch for wasting an hour and a half of our life
until he finally dies
and then i can go on living .
