the ghost of the vietnam war has haunted the american psyche for thirty year now .
if not because of the fact
that ten of thousand of american soldier went mia in vietnam 
or the manner
in which those
who returned
were treated ,
then because it was the first war
that america could be said to have lost .
many man came home from the war a shadow of their former self ,
and the original first blood managed to provide a small insight into their problem
as they attempted to rotate back into the world ,
as the saying goes .
first blood part ii 
on the other hand 
is little more than a fist-pumping mess
that goes to illustrate
how sore
america can be 
both in victory and defeat .
stallone puts in another sluggish performance as the titular special force commando ,
while richard crenna attempt to hold up the serious actor quotient .
where it all comes undone is in the script ,
which did not do any better
when it was called missing in action and starred chuck norris .
what little semblance of logic there was in the original is now gone ,
as the filmmaker decide to paint a big s on rambo 's massive chest.the film picks up a little while after the end of first blood .
the film ,
that is -
the novel did not allow for the possibility of sequel .
in this mediocre follow-up 
rambo has been put to work at what appears to be some sort of open-air mine .
as he is eaking rock
and working up a sweat ,
a prison guard pulls him away to go
and have a chat with colonel trautman ,
who advises him
that his governmant is willing to offer him an early release
if he goes on a covert mission .
rambo 
never one to back down from a hard day 's violent work 
accept ,
and is promptly shipped off to a covert base in what appears to be cambodia or thailand
( i forget which ) .
from there 
he is commissioned to seek out a camp
where american mia are supposedly being held ,
and photograph them .
his mission quite clearly specify
that he is not to make any attempt
to secure their release .
rambo
being rambo 
however ,
has other idea in spite of their possible political implications.of course ,
thing go somewhat awry
when it turns out
that the person commissioning rambo 's work have more interest
in making sure no american mia are found .
it is the age-old conspiracy theory ,
and makes no apology for exploiting the plight of many an american family
that was left without a son during the ten year
that the official vietnam war had been raging for .
of course 
with the jingoism
that was inherent in american society during the 1980s ,
they could not help but work in a plot tangent about the vietnamese army
being in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of russian .
together 
the two antagonist attempt
to extract what information
they can from rambo ,
but it backfires upon them in an orgy of bullet 
arrow 
rocket 
and destruction .
about the only thing missing is the momant
when rambo drink from a grail-like chalice
and declares himself invincible.to be honest ,
first blood part ii is a well-photographed 
and well-choreographed 
action spectacle .
the hand-to-hand combat with the larger russian commander is one of the few battle in the film
that has any dramatic tenion whatsoever .
the rest is simply a case of the lead actor and the director building a fantasy for american
to pump their fist to .
fortunately 
this fad of america \u00fcber alles action film soon died down
when more introspective and intelligent war film such as platoon began doing the round .
some of the kill shown here are quite creative ,
despite all the problem .
the vietnamese commander meet an end
that many an action film villain would envy .
the russian commander bites it in a manner
that is as spectacular
as it is ridiculous .
only in a 1980s action film would one see a law
being used from inside a helicopter .
sure 
there have been action film clich\u00e9s rooted in contradiction of fact ,
but never this ridiculous before.i gave rambo :
first blood part ii a one out of ten .
it is so bad it is ridiculous ,
and so ridiculous
that it is often funny .
one does not even need to have served in the military to know
how stupid some of the action sequence are .
the only risk
it takes
is in trying to make a stupid political statemant with what
is a hearteaking subject for those directly involved .
keep the tongue firmly in the cheek ,
and it might be watchable .
