horror god boris karloff and bela lugosi should be more than sufficient a reason for any genre-lover to watch a film ,
and ,
even though the most convincing one they are not the only reason
to watch this particular little sci-fi/horror gem .
while lambert hillyer 's `` the invisible ray '' of 1936 does not nearly share the illiance of other contemporary film starring karloff
( `` frankenstein 
`` bride of frankenstein '' 
`` the mummy '' 
... )
or lugosi
( `` white zombie '' 
`` island of the lost souls '' 
`` dracula '' 
... ) ,
or both
( `` the black cat '' ,
`` the raven '' 
... ) ,
this is doubtlessly a highly entertaining film
that no lover of cult cinema should consider missing .
compared to other universal horror picture ,
the storyline seems a bit silly 
but in a delightful manner .
karloff and lugosi 
of course 
shine as always ,
and the film furthermore profit from great scenery and an excellent photography .
karloff play dr. jano rukh 
a illiant scientist
who has invented a technique
to look into the past through a telescope ,
and finds out
that a meteor has hit the earth thousand of year ago .
stunned by rukh 's invention ,
the celeated french scientist dr. felix benet
( bela lugosi ) ,
invites him to join an expedition in
to find the meteor .
in africa 
rukh makes a discovery
that is capable of causing great beneficence and great destruction alike ...
it is somewhat odd that karloff ,
who was in fact british ,
play a hungarian scientist here
while lugosi ,
who was hungarian 
play a french scientist ,
but they are both excellent as usual .
as far as i am concerned ,
these two horror deity could have probably been filmed reading the telephone directory ,
and i am sure
they would have made something out of it -
either man is an icon of the horror genre ,
and seeing them together is a treat for every fan of the genre .
by the way 
this is one of the few film ,
if not the only one ,
in which it is obvious
that lugosi was actually taller than karloff .
france drake makes a very good female lead in her role of dr rukh 's beautiful young wife .
the rest of the performance are also good ,
if not particularly worth mentioning .
other than the casting of karloff and lugosi 
the film 's greatest quality are probably the atmosphere due to great setting and photography 
as well as the wonderfully cheesy and highly entertaining storyline .
my main complaint is that i would have wished for more screen time for lugosi ,
and for his role to have a bit more significance .
he is fantastic as always ,
but his role could have been bigger 
and more sinister .
otherwise 
`` the invisible ray '' is a wonderfully entertaining film
which should satisfy every lover of classic horror/sci-fi cinema 
and a must-see for all my fellow lugosi/karloff fan .
