the trick
to creating a good ,
solid mystery story
is as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivance 
colorful character or surprising twist .
anyone
who has ever labored in frustration with an un-finishable sunday new york time crossword
knows
that any puzzle that takes too long to solve cease
to be any fun .
the best murder mystery ,
be they on film or in print ,
are slight affair
that get to the point ,
spell out their clue 
line up their suspect and 
hopefully 
zap us with a few surprise ;
being complicated
without being unduly confusing .
and they play fair ;
on second 
third and fourth viewing of the clue and red herring we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all comes together
as we were at being surprised in the first place .
indeed 
good thriller should get better on repeated viewing
as we anticipate the double and triple crosses.sidney lumet 's comedy-thriller deathtrap ,
as derived from ira levin 's hit broadway play ,
is a great example .
it moves along at a tidy clip 
skillfully juggling its clue ,
being
( almost )
totally honest with us
( even when it is lying to us )
and yet never revealing
where it is going
( even when it is telling us
where it might go ) .
it is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane
than it is a movie about murder mystery 
derived from a play about playwriting .
rather than going backward
-- a murder and then an investigation
to explain why everything happened --
deathtrap lead us through the crime
( s )
step by step ,
leaving ample room for the unexpected ;
as the ad advise it is less a `` whodunit '' than a `` who'lldoit . ''
deathtrap is often compared
( unfavorably ,
oddly enough )
to the play and movie version of sleuth ,
though in reality it has much more in common with scream 
the self-mocking essay on teeny-bopper horror flick .
like that clever film 
deathtrap label itself
( a thriller about thriller ) ,
sets it parameters
( `` a one-set 
five character moneymaker '' )
and then proceed to deconstruct its genre
by revealing itself as `` the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstance entertaining enough
to persuade an audience
to suspend its disbelief . ''
deathtrap avely gives us a mystery with only five major character ,
two of which are of minimum importance .
henry jone as a cagey lawyer is on hand mostly for exposition
( and to supply us with his penchant for folksy charm )
and irene worth is all quirk and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth
who acts as the nominal detective .
that leaves three main character to be the killer
( s )
and/or the victim
( s ) :
it is a testamant to michael caine 's ability
that as sidney bruhl 
a down-on-his-luck author of mystery play 
he creates a character
who we intrinsically like and trust ,
even as we recognize immediately
that almost everything he says
is a lie .
as his adoring 
if somewhat ditzy wife 
myra 
dyan canon flirt with being over the top
by giving a roller-coaster ride of a performance with a character
that by turn seems to be frail or overbearing 
crafty or hysterical 
timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocating sidney .
the third angle of this unexpected triangle is a fledgling playwright
named clifford anderson
played by christopher reeve in such a way
that we never quite get a handle
on just
who his character is :
enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer 
semi-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath .
as the various character dance around each other 
the cleverly dour script
adapted by ace scribe jay presson allen
manages to be consistently amusing ,
even as it builds suspense .
and even after the final twist
( an improvemant over the play 's finale ) ,
it may not be quite clear just
who has manipulated who to do what.lumet is by no means a master of comedy ,
so he lets his able cast have free reign to flesh out the character
and they all give sharp 
theatrical 
yet subtle work 
with reeve
being particularly noteworthy .
but what lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight quarters .
as he did illiantly in 12 angry man ,
he takes a one-set play ,
and with a minimum of opening up 
manages to make what could have been cramped ,
stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious .
the setting 
a country home converted from an old windmill ,
is relatively small ,
but as designed by tony walton it manages to be both cozy and charming 
as well as spooky and treacherous .
it is so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundary
that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character .
and as the scene of the crime 
it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed .
