one of america 's most illiant film director was
without question elia kazan .
his directorial genius was not particularly suited to taut thriller ,
since kazan needed more room to eathe
and to be slower and more subtle .
however 
'panic in the street ' is a first-rate social thriller
and is if anything more relevant to today
than it was to 1950
when it was released .
the theme of illegal immigrant 
person-smuggling 
imminent plague 
rapid transmission around the world of disease
( a worried richard widmark says :
'i could be in any american city in ten hour and in africa tomorrow .
' ) 
ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today 's concern more than ever .
this film features a spectacular film
debut by jack palance 
and a wonderful performance by barbara bel gedde 
two casting stroke of genius .
richard widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once ,
and is a deeply caring 
warmly loving 
intense hero of the person .
he leads basically a one-man campaign
to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in new orlean ,
struggling to convince sluggish politician and complacent policeman
that there is a problem .
there is a race against time
to find the small-time crook
who have contracted the plague from a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hour 
before the whole city ,
and
as they are always reminding us 
the whole country 
are endangered with the worst thing since the 1919 flu .
one amazing scene
where jack palance ,
who is infected ,
is prevented from climbing aboard a ship by a rat-barrier on the rope
is ironic in the extreme ,
reminding us in the most gruesome term
that human can be the worst carrier and vermin of all .
the highly dramatic chase scene
in what they call 'the coffee factory ' at the wharfs rivals the most inventive climax scene of hitchcock 
and with just as spectacular a setting .
many non-professional appear in the film ,
which has the gritty realism of 
well ,
something called reality .
kazan really takes the camera into place where even person rarely went ,
and where even rat would have thought twice .
this film was a major feat of social realism .
if it lacks the electricity of the most highly charged thriller ,
it is because kazan took it so seriously
that he could not hype it up ,
for after all 
the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anybody
without the need for extra gun and moll .
the only unfortunate thing about the film is the title ,
which gives a false suggestion of superficiality .
but kazan was anything but superficial .
he clearly considered this project a public duty ,
to alert us to genuine possibility .
if only those possibility had diminished today ,
but ala 
they are getting worse every day .
one day 
after a worldwide plague 
this film may be shown to a few survivor as an example
of how an outeak was contained on film ,
but its lesson were forgotten .
