i am not going to lie .
despite looking interesting ,
i watched the notorious bettie page
because i had heard
( and it was fairly obvious just by looking at a synopsis or anything about the film ) ,
that gretchen mol got naked in it .
i have never been a fan of mol ,
but i can not resist seeing an attractive woman
taking off her clothe .
yes 
that may be perverted ,
but its a theme and ideal central to the very core of the movie ,
and helps to make the film a lot stronger
than it probably should be.the film chronicle bettie page 's
( mol )
life from her physical and sexually abused day as a kid in high school in the south ,
and onto her new life in new york .
she wants to be an actress ,
but she has to pay bill too .
after taking a few seemingly innocent shot on a local beach ,
page slowly becomes a modeling sensation ,
and quickly jump from suggestive photo to sexually provocative pin-up photographs.i
feel
the iefness of the film
( just over ninety minute )
is both a curse and blessing for it .
on one hand 
the film never overstays its welcome .
you get to know page within a few short minute ,
and then it gets right into her modeling career
and does not look back .
but it curses the film as well ,
because we never really get a chance to grasp everything
that is going on .
she just kind of jump around between modeling shoot and the controversy
that they create
before jumping right into the major senate investigation
that takes up much of the final act of the film .
you just sit there ,
and attempt to absorb it all ,
and more just comes right at you .
it feel
like the filmmaker wanted to summarize too much material in too short a film .
it begs for longer sequence ,
and begs more for even longer explanation .
it does not feel rushed ;
it just does not feel all there.another bit of a fumble ,
although a bit more of a curiosity ,
is the use of colmy throughout the film .
the majority is in black and white 
but frequently 
splash and sequence of colmy do emerge .
but while this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early on ,
it becomes a bit of a distraction
as it continually pops up later on
before cutting back to black and white .
it gets confusing ,
and becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else
as the film goes on.while
it may fumble a bit with the action ,
the film stays dead-on with its theme .
page ,
who i know little to nothing about ,
is played off innocently ,
and her world is exactly the same .
save for a few shady character during her teenage year ,
everyone
she encounters is an innocent ,
and everything she does has an innocence to it .
i never thought
i would look at full frontal nudity
as being something
that was anything other than vulgar and depraved 
but here ,
it truly is something to marvel at .
all at once 
it is beautiful and innocent .
even the most sexually perverted moment in the film
( albeit tame compared to today 's standard )
have an innocent and angelic feeling to them .
there is just something about the way
mol 's nude body is portrayed
that it just strike at such a different chord than nude body in other film .
it just feel so natural and so wondrous ,
that
if there were any reason
to watch the film ,
it would be to see the spectacular depiction of mol 's body
as she plays bettie page.the other reason is mol herself .
as page 
she exemplifies
that 1950 's southern belle everyone knows
( or can at least imagine ) .
despite her profession ,
she is still a normal person ,
and still looks at herself
as being religious .
mol plays her exactly to the right amount of squeaky-cleanliness
needed to make this character
feel authentically from the 1950 's .
she plays her with such matter-of-factness
that you would be hard-set not to think
that mol was actually bettie page herself.unfortunately ,
the supporting cast have very little moment to shine ,
and are totally overshadowed by mol 's wonderful performance .
none of them do anything particularly pleasing ,
and none of them really have that same strength in their role as mol does .
this is not really the fault of the actor ,
but more of the fact
that they do
not have much to work with .
many of them are totally recognizable 
such as oscar-nominee david strathairn
( in a role a little too close to one of his better performance ) ,
sarah paulson
( recent golden globe nominee for studio 60 on the sunset strip ) ,
and character actor lili taylor ,
but you would be hard set
to really place their performance
in being anything other than okay .
none of these character are really developed ,
and they really just stand as character cut-out
who mol run loops around
as she picks up steam in her illiant performance.really ,
this film is worthwhile for its portrayal of nudity 
and for gretchen mol 's excellent performance of bettie page .
everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward
than it should be .
had more work been done
to develop supporting character
and not just blast right through the story ,
this film would have been a much better biographical film .
as it stands ,
it is just a vehicle for mol to really rise into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress.7/10 .
