time and time again 
i have stated
that
if person do not want remake or sequel made ,
they should stop seeing them and instead venture into the world of independent film .
having said
that though 
the last time i saw an independent film myself
must have been easily six month ago .
so here is a review for an indie
that i had my attention drawn to on youtube ;
the cure.right away 
you can tell
that the film is going for an avant-garde film approach
which is telegraphed in its use of extreme close up 
scopophilium and fast editing .
it is proud of the way
it looks -
and it has a right to be .
for the most part it is a very nicely composed little piece 
save for one inexcusable disregard for the 180 degree rule and a comically bad gunshot effect
which is a phenomenon
that seems to be the calling card for self funded projects.still ,
despite these amateurish mistake
the majority of the shot are actually a pleasure
to look at .
we are presented with a good use of prop and location 
good visual acting and some very atmospheric 
fluid editing ,
which is made more commendable
as this is definitely something
you will not see very often at all from a youtube submission .
the plot is fragmented
and although the basic premise is fairly simple some may find it hard
to follow exactly what is happening ,
but what we are seeing here
is avant-garde storytelling at work ;
you can not really expect a straightforward three act structure
and if you do you
might not be ready for this kind of movie.where the film
is unfortunately let down however is the sound .
what you are going to hear throughout
is a distorted voice-over
which often sound insincere and worse still is the continuous background music ,
which goes through minimal change
and does not add much to anything .
so much attention is paid to the visual
that the audio frankly sound neglected 
and this becomes really apparent
when you realize you have just missed about four sentence of the narration
and have to backtrack to pick up what slipped past your attention.so ,
give it a watch ,
but do it with the sound turned off.last thought ;
was anyone else reminded of the cover for doug naylor 's red dwarf novel `` last human '' early in the film ?
if you have the book you know what i mean .
