while in her deathbed 
ann lord
( vanessa redgrave )
repeats the name `` harris '' and recalls the day on the 50 's
when she was an aspirant singer
and traveled from new york
to be the maid of honor of her wealthy friend lila wittenborn
( mamie gummer )
in newport .
ann grant
( claire dane )
is welcomed by lila 's alcoholic and reckless other buddy
( hugh dancy )
in the wittenborn 's cottage at seaside
and he tells her
that his sister is in love actually for their friend and servant harris arden
( patrick wilson ) ,
who fought in the war
and has graduated in medicine .
later the ide-to-be confesses her true feeling about harris to ann .
however ,
when ann meet harris ,
she has a crush on him
and they have a ief affair during one night stand
while a tragedy happens with buddy .
meanwhile ann 's daughter 
the insecure and unstable nina mar
( toni collette )
and the happy wife and mother constance haverford
( natasha richardson ) ,
are worried with their mother
and have difference to be resolved .
`` evening '' has one of the best feminine cast i have ever seen in a movie 
with magnificent performance .
the resemblance of the stunning mamie gummer with her mother meryl streep is amazing
and she has a performance
that honors the name of her mother .
the location 
costume 
set decoration 
cinematography and soundtrack are also awesome .
unfortunately the plot is confused
and i have not clearly understood the message of this film .
why motherhood is so important in the story ?
was constance engendered in the night stand of ann and harris
and he would be her father ?
why ann and harris have not stayed together ,
if the guy really loved her like he confesses in their occasional encounter in new york ?
which issue ann lord has resolved after the visit of lila ross ?
was buddy wittenborn bisexual or his love for harris was a fraternal love ?
why nina mar changed her thought about motherhood in the end ?
it seems
that the screenplay writer or the director failed since
they were not able to make sense and fulfillment to the beautiful love story .
my vote is seven.title
( brazil ) :
`` ao entardecer ''
( `` in the eventide '' )
