after gorging myself on a variety of seemingly immature movie
purchased on ex-rental dvds ,
i figured
that the time was right for a little serious drama
and who better to provide it than sam mende ?
for a number of reason 
`` american beauty '' does not appeal to me as much as this film
which is easily the darkest thing
that tom hank has ever done and probably one of the most underrated film of the last decade .
for this is not a simple gangster tale lifted from its graphic novel origin ,
and is simply wonderful to watch
because of it .
and despite my usual allergy to any film with tom hank ' name on it
( still can not watch `` big ''
without wanting a cat to kick ) ,
i am glad i gave this a try
because this is one of those movie
that you will kick yourself
for if you miss it.normally squeaky-clean hank play michael sullivan 
a devoted family man and father of two son growing up during prohibition in the early 1930 's .
he is also a professional hit-man to mob boss john rooney
( paul newman )
but has managed to keep his job a secret from his son .
but after his eldest
( tyler hoechlin )
witnesses his dad involved in a mob killing ,
the pair are forced to go on the run
as john seeks to tidy the matter up .
soon 
father and son are pursued to chicago where a fellow hit-man
( a menacing jude law )
is waiting for them.on the face of it ,
it reads like a pretty standard gangster film
but
as i have said ,
this is not really about gangster at all .
it is about the relationship between a father
and son thrown together in the most tragic of circumstance .
hank is
( *grits teeth* )
superb as the tortured man
who finds out
that everything has its price
and little hoechlin
is also good as sullivan 's son .
in all honesty 
there is not a single performance
that i could single out as weaker
than the other -
the cast is pretty much faultless .
as is the cinematography and costume
( and it is not often i praise costume ! )
which recreates the 30 's with stunning effect .
there has been so much effort
to get everything right
and it pays off in spade .
this could easily have looked rubbish -
they admit
that the early 30 's look was difficult to put down -
but it does not and that deserves every bit of credit .
chicago especially looks fantastic ,
lined with hundred of rickety car from the era
and filled with person in monochrome suit and hat .
true time-travel ,
even if a little cgi is needed.the story
is also a winner ,
offering a human face
to what is often seen as a stereotypical genre of movie villain .
law is surprisingly menacing as the almost mechanical killer maguire and proves
that you do not have to be cagney or de niro or brando
to play a gangster .
the film is decidedly noir-ish 
driving rain and ill-lit warehouse predominate but at least violence and killing are
( finally )
seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those
who perpetrate and those
who merely witness such act .
the whole thing is evocative of a previous age and previous movie
but it sweeps away the old and refreshes with a modern tale of redemption amid the tommy-gun shootout and extortion racket .
it can feel a little slow in place ,
especially if you are used
to mass of gun-play in movie like most modern audience
( like yours truly )
but sometimes 
word can speak louder than action .
mende has delivered a fine follow-up to his oscar-winning debut 
a film
which is as intelligent
as it is beautiful to watch .
`` road to perdition '' may not be to everyone 's taste
but this is one dvd i shall not be exchanging anytime soon .
