the soloist has all ingredient
to impress the academy .
its director 
joe wright 
has already authored a best picture candidate .
the leading actor 
robert downey jr. 
starred in a widely praised superhero film .
finally 
the movie itself is a drama .
when it was mysteriously pulled from release in late 2008 ,
filmgoer and critic were baffled .
now that i have seen it ,
i assure you universal did not just delay this film
to promote iron man-oscar buzz .
the soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict
that is vastly inferior to any 2009 best picture candidates.downey and co-star jamie fox are not to be blamed for this mishap .
joe wright is largely at fault
but even he can not save a lifetime story .
many movie are too complex and alienate viewer .
this one is unusually simple .
it is a movie about a newspaper reporter 
steve lopez
( downey ) ,
who befriend a homeless musician ,
nathaniel ayer
( jamie fox ) .
that is it .
ayer is schizophrenic
and does not resonate with lopez 's traditional approach to friendhip .
the two become friend .
they begin this movie as acquaintance
and are bffs by its end .
tension consists of moment like this :
will ayer let lopez take him to the homeless shelter ?
this material would have been better suited as a made-for-tv production rather than a feature film.wright includes many scene of cheap humor
to obscure the lack of content .
lopez battles yard-defiling raccoon in what i consider a sub-plot .
do you remember
when this happened in atonement or pride and prejudice ?
those film were structured enough
to permit an occasional joke
but nothing so prolonged .
ayer ' back story is fleshed out
when it does not need to be .
worst of all 
these scene are not connected
and appear at random interval .
it is a way
of admitting
that the main story carries little appeal .
nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a tough upinging
( i was too ) .
this is a faicated attempt
to create sympathy with ayer
when most of us already have it .
he is a homeless schizophrenic for crying out loud !
the movie somewhat conveys humanity 's love for music 
like amadeus and beethoven life upstair .
it is not as effective as either of those picture 
however .
the entire film is hinged on ayer ' schizophrenia .
it ultimately is how he interacts with everyone else .
his being a musician is a nice touch
but hardly worth including .
the film does not incorporate this characteristic fully into his persona .
take music out of amadeus or beethoven life upstair ,
and no film remains .
the soloist is more about friendhip in general than music .
nathaniel could be a writer or film critic
and few line of dialog would need to be seriously altered.this is only joe wright 's third film ,
and his first that is not a romance staring keira knightley .
let 's hope
this film is not an indication
of how limited his ability are .
there are stylistic nod to his earlier work
but the soloist is much weaker than either of them .
in his defense 
universal should not have agreed to widely release this picture .
this film seems tailored for imagine entertainment
( distributor of changeling ) .
i would not be so disappointed with it
if had a limited release .
its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally .
