although i live in minnesota ,
i have been studying in france lately
and came across this bizarre gem of a film.this movie
was amazing ,
to say the least .
a creative and unique film 
the different director each lent something different to their interpretation of love in the city of light .
the first instinct is to attempt to fit each one of these little story into an overall storyline ,
much as can be done with 2003 's love actually .
this attempt 
however 
renders the magic of each individual segment obsolete .
when taken at face value ,
with each of the short segment taken as its own individual film ,
the love story together tell a beautiful message.the film is strikingly bizarre at time
-- often to the point of confusion --
and each individual segment can be hard to follow .
still 
to a watcher
who pays close attention to each of the segment ,
the short plot line become clear after a short time .
the confusion is almost intriguing ;
it keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting
for what will come next .
it leaves the viewer wondering
`` did
that really just happen ? ''
yet also leaves them satisfied
that it did 
indeed 
occur .
it is the kind of movie
where the viewer ,
upon leaving the theater ,
can not actually decide
whether they loved it or they hated it .
the initial reaction is to go
and watch it again and again ,
just to see these individual life blend together into a cinematic masterpiece.the interesting decision
to make the movie multilingual
adds something to the spectrum of person
who can relate .
it adds to the reality of the film
-- here 
the american tourist speak english 
the parisian french 
and so on .
the number of person
that the film encompasses leads to an understanding of the international language
of love.from sickness to the supernatural 
the love of parent to the love of husband 
this film covers all the basis of romantic storytelling .
in its beautiful and quirky way 
each unique event somehow falls into place to tell a story :
that of all type 
size 
nationality 
and shape of love .
