i have not always been a fan ,
but the show grew on me .
it was not until after season 5
that i started to see the richness of the show .
they finally ought daniel jackson 's search for his wife to an end
and finally most of the go ,
ould system lord were killed by rival lord 
sg-1 or others.toward season 5 
stargate sg-1 ,
was beginning to become stale .
with the new writer and the close attention by produer peter deleuise 
the show became more
and more solid.the character had become stale as well .
colonel jack o'neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage .
after his son charlie was killed in a shooting accident with o'neill 's weapon ,
he had decided to end his own life
by going to abydos in order to face off with the go'ould ra .
the character offers little growth for any actor and actor richard dean anderson chose to play him straight raising emotional barrier
to protect himself .
only allowing his close friend in.amanda tapping joined the cast as captain samantha carter .
she was a feminist on the edge 
ready to battle any man
who would doubt her ability
to do her job .
though this character had little area to grow ,
tapping has done a great job
of concentrating on carter 's strength .
she has taken the time
to get a basic understanding of some of the thing carter talk about in order
that she can present the character intelligently .
christopher judge joined the cast playing the alien teal'c .
teal'c was an alien
called the jaffa .
infant go'ould ,
( snake like creature )
would embed themselves into the jaffa
until they had grown to the point
when it would be inserted into another life form .
the jaffa would die .
teal'c was the first prime of apophis ' army .
knowing
that apophis was not a god like go'ould pretend ,
he realized the genocide
that their army had wreaked on the galaxy .
finally ,
having had enough ,
he and jack o'neill freed their team along with quite a few innocent person .
after arriving on earth ,
he realized
that earth was the planet
he was looking for ,
who would help him fight the go'ould .
christopher judge has done quite a bit with a limited character .
teal'c is a wise warrior ,
much of which he learned was from his teacher master bra'tac .
the show would not be complete
without master bra'tac
played by tony amandola .
he is also a rock .
in the end 
he became adviser to most of sg-1 
especially daniel jackson .
don s. davil was there from the beginning
playing major general george hammand .
davis has done an incredible job with hammond
making him sympathetic and normal .
he does his job ,
has a wife 
son and daughter and grandchild .
you can really say ,
he is the anchor of the base .
simply 
i would die for that man .
if not allowed by his superior to provide troop to support team off world .
he will go himself .
he does not leave anyone behind.i saved dr. daniel jackson for last ,
because this character ,
i believe has grown the most in the ten or eleven year
it has been on .
in choosing shank i do not think
the producer realized
how strong shank would be and now when person talk about jackson ,
they do not talk about spader ,
they talk about shank .
in the early year 
the jackson character came off as a whiner .
that is why i probably was not a fan .
as the season pasted 
the character became stronger .
this gave him confidence .
in the end 
as of season 10 
the jackson character has matured to the point
that he has become a self sacrificing hero .
he still monitors the group ethic .
he still is lead at providing information
that can move any mission forward .
acheaology 
history 
culture and exploration are part of his very being .
he is determined .
though a man of peace 
he has matured to the point
that using his weapon may be the only way
to solve a disagreement .
other character include 
most recently :
vala mal doran
( claudia black )
and colonel cameron mitchell
( ben browder ) ,
new lead of sg-1 .
both actor come from a series
called farscape
and why
they were put together is any body guess .
i see little difference between mitchell and crichton
( farscape character ) .
black 's character is simply off the wall .
definitely different from her soldier like character arin soon .
