two adventurous teenager 
best friend 
take a trip to thailand for one last experience
before separating and going off to college .
it seems like a fun time of touring an exotic land ,
until they meet an attractive stranger
who seduces them into taking a trip to hong kong and puts drug in their luggage .
they get nabbed by the local police
and find
that justice in asia is very different from justice in the u.s.this is the main story line for `` brokedown palace ''
and it was a good one .
the film does a decent job of portraying the arbitrary and corrupt justice system of third world nation .
actually 
the portrayal was rather mild ,
as the prison condition are often far worse than depicted .
it serves as a reminder
that no matter how bad we think
our justice system is ,
it is pristine by comparison to much of the rest of the world.unfortunately ,
there were too many contrived situation in the film
that hampered the story .
the whole escape attempt was bogus fantasy .
to think that friend would be able to smuggle money for a ibe into the prison in a padded a ,
and not be discovered by the guard
who were systematically checking everything ought in from visitor ,
assumes
that
either the guard or the viewer are utter blockheads.the story also fails to ing closure to the nagging question
of how the drug got in alice 's
( claire dane )
backpack .
did she actually agree to transport the drug ?
we are left to guess .
it was intriguing to be kept guessing about the girl ' innocence throughout the film ,
but we finish the movie never really knowing
if one or both of the girl might be guilty .
except for this considerable flaw 
the ending was excellent and the result unexpected.the
acting by claire dane and kate beckinsale
was very solid and well done .
dane ,
who has been oversold and over hyped ,
actually arrived as an actor in this film .
though her portrayal was frequently immature
( as was her character ) ,
she improved as the film progressed and the circumstance became more dire .
beckinsale 
in contrast has been flying under the radar her whole ief career and shine as the goody-two-shoe
who suddenly finds herself in prison .
her 's was the best performance in the film.bill pullman was miscast as the lawyer .
his wry and diffident style is an asset in film like
`` while you were sleeping '' ,
but as a lawyer in a third world country on a crusade
to free two innocent girl from injustice ,
he had the wrong personality.the tourist 's look at thailand was interesting ,
but it did not make me want to go there.overall ,
an entertaining film made implausible in part by the insertion of some ridiculous scene .
i gave it a 7/10 .
