at first glance 
it would seem natural to compare
where the sidewalk ends with laura .
both have noirish quality 
both were directed by otto preminger 
and both star dana andrew and gene tierney .
but that is where most of the comparison end .
laura dealt with posh 
sophisticated person with mean
who just happen to find themselves mixed-up in a murder .
where the sidewalk ends is set in a completely different stratum .
these are person with barely two nickel to rub together
who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society
than going to fancy dress party .
where the sidewalk ends is a gritty film filled with desperate person
who solve their problem with their fist or some other weapon .
small-time hood are a dime-a-dozen
and cop routinely beat confession out of the crook .
getting caught-up in a murder investigation seems as natural
as eathing.while i have not seen his entire body of work ,
based on what i have seen ,
dana andrew gives one of his best performance as the beat-down cop 
det .
sgt .
mark dixon .
he is the kind of cop
who is used to roughing up the local hood
if it gets him information or a confession .
one night 
he goes too far
and accidentally kills a man .
he does his best to cover it up .
but thing get complicated
when he falls for the dead man 's wife 
morgan taylor
( tierney ) ,
whose father becomes suspect number one in the murder case .
as morgan 's father mean the world to her ,
dixon 's got to do what he can to clear the old man
without implicating himself.technically ,
where the sidewalk ends is outstanding .
besides the terrific performance from andrew ,
the movie features the always delightful tierney .
she has a quality
that can make even the bleakest of moment seem ighter .
the rest of the cast is just as solid with tom tully
as the wrongly accused father being a real standout .
beyond the acting 
the direction 
set 
lighting 
and cinematography are all top-notch .
overall 
it is an amazingly well
made film.if i have one complaint
( and admittedly it is a very 
very minor quibble )
it is that tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surrounding .
it is a little difficult
to believe
that a woman like that could find herself mixed-up with some of these unsavory character .
it is not really her fault ,
it is just the way tierney comes across .
she seems a little too beautiful 
polished 
and delicate for the part .
but 
her gentle 
kind 
trusting nature add a sense of needed realism to her portrayal .
