cecil b. demille 's 1922 parlor-to-prison tearjerker manslaughter finds the lovely leatrice joy as a good-at-heart but decadent young lady with more money
than she knows what to do with .
her recklessness lead to imprisonment ,
which in turn lead to her regeneration .
thomas meighan is the crusading district attorney
who has made it his personal crusade to ing out the goodness and wholesomeness in lydia
( joy )
but he gets sidetracked by alcohol
and once she is released ,
it is up to her to rescue him !
if the plot does not sound too bad ,
you will be floored by the woeful presentation .
the quality of demille 's direction is very low ,
and he does not show any particular skill
that is unique to him .
the photography is standard and flat ,
and the editing is hardly more dynamic .
one could easily classify it as a fashion show
and be pretty correct .
demille gets to dress miss joy up in so many different type of clothe
( evening gown 
golfing costume 
motoring costume 
pile of fur )
that
it is subtitle
could be 'fashion of 1922'one thing more disappointing than the photography or editing or the direction is the acting ,
which is mostly flat and wooden .
when it is not ,
it is merely routine silent gesturing ,
rolling eye ball 
twitching eye ows and deliberate pointing and arm movement .
what would have been enlivened for modern viewer by mugging and scene chewing of some of the worst silent film ,
is here merely dull to watch .
the only member of the cast
who succeeds in any form of excellence
is lois wilson ,
who is not only beautiful
but is able to play her role naturally .
she is convincing and endearing in tearful close-up ,
as long as you do not read the moralizing title card
that follows once
she opens her mouth to speak .
like i said ,
everybody else is droningly routine 
joy 
meighan 
even julia faye .
her performance here makes a good argument
for why she never attained true stardom.the worst
and most amusing part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone
that carries through all of it .
meighan 's character has plenty of intertitle
where he drones on about how the youth of america is declining in it is moral stance ,
and going right back to the decadence of rome .
( insert absurd flashback )
this movie 's moralizing has been described as victorian ,
but it is further than that .
it has so little bearing in reality
that i have a feeling audience at
that time did not take it any more seriously than modern viewer could.this movie is exactly what the unknowing tend to think of as a 'typical ' silent movie ,
with it is archaic moral structure ,
wooden acting and bad direction .
demille shows
that he could be a terrible director 
with no sense of pacing 
camera placement 
or skill in handling either script or actor .
i can not imagine anybody in their right mind
taking it seriously .
boring 
slow and idiotic 
i recommend it to hardcore silent movie dork like myself only .
