can noto 1 :
how kriemhild mourned over siegfried and how king attila woos her through his ambassador r\u00fcdiger von bechlarn :
kriemhild
( margarete sch\u00f6n )
insists on having the head of the killer of her beloved husband 
hagen tronje
( han adalbert schlettow ) ,
but her other 
king gunther
( theodor loos ) ,
refuses her request .
when king attila of the hun woos kriemhild through his ambassador r\u00fcdiger von bechlar ,
she makes him promise through oath in the name of his king
that no man would ever offend her .
hagen tronje hides the nibelungen treasure in the bottom of a lake.can noto 2 :
how kriemhild takes leave from her homeland
and how she was received by king attila :
kriemhild ings some earth from where siegfried died ,
and travel to the court of the hun ,
where she is welcomed by attila himself ,
who also promise through oath to defend her.can noto 3 :
how king attila besieged rome and how kriemhild summoned her brother :
when kriemhild delivers a baby boy 
attila return to his realm
and asks kriemhild what she would like most to please her .
she asks him to invite her other to come to his kingdom.can noto 4 :
how kriemhild receives her brother :
kriemhild insists on having the head of hagen tronje ,
but her other keep loyalty to their friend
and again do not accept her request.can noto 5 :
how the hun celeated the summer solstice with the nibelungen :
kriemhild asks attila to kill hagen tronje ,
but he refuses since in accordance with the law of the desert ,
a guest is considered sacred .
kriemhild offer gold to the hum for the head of hagen tronje .
there is a fight ,
and hagen tronje kill attila 's son.can noto 6 :
the nibelungen 's distress :
the hun lose the battle against the nibelungen ,
but keep them under siege inside attila 's castle .
kriemhild promise to spare their life provided
they deliver hagen tronje ,
but her other gunther tell
that german person are loyal with their friends.can noto 7 :
the nibelungen 's end :
after the death of r\u00fcdiger von bechlarn 
giselher and gernot 
hagen tronje and guhther are finally captured .
kriemhild kill hagen tronje ,
ending her revenge with the destruction of the nibelungen.the conclusion of the poetic saga of siegfried through `` kriemhild 's revenge '' is also told through seven dramatic can noto .
the nature of the first part is a magnificent tale of fantasy 
adventure 
romance and betrayal ;
the second part is a dramatic story of hate 
revenge and loyalty .
the solid screenplay with a perfect development of the character 
the excellent performance of the cast and the awesome direction of fritz lang produced another epic ahead of time .
margarete sch\u00f6n is impressive with a total different woman 
obsessed and inflexible in her revenge wish .
the costume
that kriemhild wear
are also very impressive ,
and her acting is based on her face and look .
i was a little disappointed with the reaction of attila after the death of his only son ,
since i found it too passive .
my vote is eight.title
( brazil ) :
`` os nibelungos \u0096 parte ii :
a vingan\u00e7a de kriemshild ''
( `` the nibelungen part ii :
kriemhild 's revenge '' )
