now that che
( 2008 )
has finished its relatively short australian cinema run
( extremely limited release:1 screen in sydney 
after 6wks ) ,
i can guiltlessly join both host of `` at the movie ''
in taking steven soderbergh to task.it is usually satisfying to watch a film director change his style/subject 
but soderbergh 's most recent stinker 
the girlfriend experience
( 2009 ) ,
was also missing a story 
so narrative
( and editing ? )
seem to suddenly be soderbergh 's main challenge .
strange 
after 20-odd year in the business .
he was probably never much good at narrative ,
just hid it well inside `` edgy '' projects.none of this excuses him this present 
almost diabolical failure .
as david stratton warn ,
`` two part of che do
not ( even )
make a whole '' .
epic biopic in name only 
che
( 2008 )
barely qualifies as a feature film !
it certainly has no legs 
inasmuch as except for its uncharacteristic ultimate resolution forced
upon it by history ,
soderbergh 's 4.5hrs-long dirge just goes nowhere.even margaret pomeranz 
the more forgiving of australia 's at the movie duo ,
noted about soderbergh 's repetitious waste
of ( hd digital storage ) :
`` you are in the wood ...
you are in the wood ...
you are in the wood ... '' .
i too am surprised
soderbergh did not give us another 2.5hrs of that somewhere between his existing two part ,
because he still left out massive chunk of che is `` revolutionary '' life !
for a biopic of an important but infamous historical figure 
soderbergh unaccountably alienates ,
if not deliberately insult ,
his audience by1 .
never providing most of che is story ;
2. imposing unreasonable film length with mere dullard repetition ;
3.
ignoring both true hindsight and a narrative of event ;
4. barely developing an idea 
or a character ; 5. remaining claustrophobically episodic ;
6. ignoring proper context for scene
-- -whatever
we do get is mired in disruptive timeshift ;
7. linguistically dislocating all audience
( even spanish-speaker will be confused by the incongruous exposition in english ) ;
and 8. pointlessly whitewashing his main subject into one dimension .
why 
at this late stage ?
the t-shirt franchise has been a success !
our sense of claustrophobia is surely due to peter buchman and benjamin vander veen basing their screenplay solely on guevara 's memoir .
so 
like a poor student
who has read only one of his allotted texts for his assignment ,
soderbergh 's product is exceedingly limited in perspective.the audience is held captive within the same constrained knowledge 
scenery and circumstance of the `` revolutionary '' ,
but that does not elicit our sympathy .
instead 
it dawns on us
that `` ah 
soderbergh 's trying to hobble his audience the same
as the latino peasant were at the time '' .
but these are the same illiterate latino peasant
who sold out the good doctor to his enemy .
why does soderbergh feel the need to equate us with them ,
and keep us equally mentally captive ?
such audience straitjacketing must have a purpose.part2 is more chronological than part1 ,
but it is literally mind-numbing with its repetitive bush-bashing 
misery of outlook 
and lack of variety or character arcs .
deltoro 's che has no opportunity to grow as a person
while he struggles to educate his own ill-disciplined troop .
the only letup is the humour as che deal with his sometime deeply ignorant `` revolutionary '' ,
some of whom violently lack self-control around local peasant or food .
we certainly get no insight into what caused the condition 
nor any strategic analysis of their guerrilla insurgency 
such as it was.part2 's excruciating countdown remains fearfully episodic :
again 
nothing is telegraphed or contextualized .
thus even the scene with fidel castro
( demi\u00e1n bichir )
are unexpected and disconcerting .
any selected event are portrayed minimally and latino-centrically 
with part1 's interview
replaced by time-shifting meeting between the corrupt bolivian president
( joaquim de almeida )
and us government official promising cia intervention
( !
) .the rest of part2 's `` wood '' and day-for-night blue filter just exasperate the audience
until they are eyeing the exits.perhap deltoro felt too keenly the frustration of many non-american latino
about never getting a truthful ,
unspun history of che is exploit within their own country .
when foreign government still will not deliver a free press to their person
-- for whatever reason --
then one can see how a popular american indie producer might set out to entice the not-so-well-read
( `` i may not be able to read or write ,
but i am not illiterate ! ''
-- cf.the inspector general
( 1949 ) )
out to their own local cinemas .
the film 's obvious neglect and gross over-simplification hint very strongly
that it is aiming only at the comprehension of the less-informed
who still speak little english .
if they did ,
they had have read tome on the subject already ,
and critiqued the relevant social issue amongst themselves
-- learning the lesson of history
as they should.such insight are precisely what society still need --
and not just the remaining illiterate latino of central and south america --
yet it is what che
( 2008 )
gleefully fails to deliver .
soderbergh bury his lead
because he is weak on narrative .
i am gobsmacked
why benicio deltoro deliberately chose soderbergh for this project
if he knew this .
it is been 44yrs ,
hindsight about guevara was sorely wanted :
it is what i went to see this film for 
but the director diabolically robs us of that.david stratton 
writing in the australian
( 03-oct-2009 )
observed
that
while part1 was `` uneven '' ,
part2 actually `` goes rapidly downhill '' from there ,
`` charting che is final campaign in bolivia in excruciating detail '' ,
which `` ... feels almost unbearably slow and turgid '' .che :
the guerilla aka part2 is certainly no travelogue for bolivia ,
painting it a picture of misery and atavism .
the entire second half is only redeemed by the aforementioned humour 
and the dramatic
-- yet tragic --
capture and execution of the film 's subject.the rest of this interminable cinema verite is just confusing 
irritating misery --
shockingly 
for a soderbergh film ,
to be avoided at all cost .
it is bound to eak the heart of all
who know even just a smattering about the subject .
( 2/10 )
