i first rented this film many year ago ,
and was completely enthralled by it .
just recently 
feeling a strange need to revisit some of the way-too-few film
that i have immensely enjoyed in my lifetime ,
i decided to give `` erendira '' another look .
and i am glad i did ,
as i soon discovered
that even the passage of time has not in the least dulled the shine of this film.the story is about a teenaged girl
( erendira ,
played remarkably by claudia o'hana - in some respect
she resembles winona ryder ! )
who accidentally burns down her grandmother 's mansion
after which the grandmother ,
played downright hypnotically by irene papas ,
forces the girl into a life of prostitution on the road
to repay the damage .
the viewing is at once fascinating and compelling - though 
inspite of the basic premise ,
which deals with prostitution ,
is tastefully void of gratuitous steamy sexual content .
the story revolves more around the interaction between the girl and her grandmother ,
and the various other colorful character
with whom they come into contact on their sojourn -
which 
by the way 
is in the rough and tumble part of rural mexico.the film is very atmospheric 
arrestingly enigmatic with a decided dreamlike quality .
it sometimes border on the bizarre 
but not to the point of 
say 
a david lynch film .
it is also worth mentioning
that the film is very allegorical in nature ,
read the comment from previous viewer below ... often in the background you hear the sound of a lone accordion 
quiet and melancholy ,
adding just the right musical accent
to highlight the mexican setting .
the cinematography of the rural place ,
many of which are in the desert ,
is quite superb.the film move at a nice pace ,
neither too fast nor too slow ,
and after every scene i felt i had to rewind the tape
and play it over again ,
just because it makes you want to do that .
for me anyway 
it really is that compelling.hopefully you will see the film in its spanish language version 
with subtitle .
i studied spanish in high school as well as in college ,
and i was happy to be able to understand much of the dialogue .
por ejemplo :
`` el mundo no es tan grande como pensaba . ''
( `` the world 's not as big as i thought ''
- i.e. ,
it is a small world .
) this film somehow reminds me of stumbling upon a dusty old bottle of vintage wine ,
which 
upon drinking ,
is immensely satisfying 
however ,
you are left with some sadness upon realizing
that there are not more bottle just like this one .
