john carpenter 's halloweenis it the greatest horror film of all time ?
no .. maybe not to everyone ,
but to me it is and always will be .
the film is sheer genius
and will always hold a very special place in my heart .
it is unfortunate i did not get to see this film until twenty year
after it is release ,
but even twenty year later after so many slasher copy cat had come
and gone the film still gave the same impact
as it must have done then .
my father suggested
before i go see halloween h20
that i whip out and rent halloween 's 1 and 2
to get the full story ,
and
after watching halloween it was quite clear
that it defined and set the slasher genre.the film 's plot is simple ,
in 1963 michael audrey myer killed his sister judith in cold blood with a large butcher knife .
incarcerated for fifteen year
where he was treated by dr. sam loomis ,
he escapes and return to his hometown of haddonfield
where he begins stalking three young girl :
laurie strode an innocent bookworm 
annie brackett a tough
talking sarcastic and lynda van der klok a beautiful and sexually vigorous young girl .
dr. loomis track michael here
where he enlists the help of the town sheriff leigh brackett whom remains skeptical of his story about the psychotic killer .
michael watches the girl mercilessly
and begins killing them off one by one ,
until only sweet innocent laurie is left
who is the prime target on michael 's list.the casting of this film was illiant
and all the actor and actress gave top notch performance ,
jamie lee curtis was stunning in her first film role
as laurie strode and donald pleasance gave a thrilling performance with his small role as loomis .
nick castle
who portrays michael
did an outstanding job as the soulless and evil killer ,
and his walk and body movement were perfect.one of the great highlight of this film
is it is chilling score done by john carpenter himself
who created one of the most recognizable horror theme
known today .
the blue lighting was creepy and effective and one of the great moment in this film
is when young laurie is cowering against a wall
after seeing her dead friend ,
and in the shadow behind her michael 's face materializes
before he strikes .
michael 's mask was one of the thing 's
that sent chill down my spine the most ,
the white emotionless face worked perfectly.what makes this film
so great is that it is not a gory film unlike the cheesy friday the 13th film ,
in fact there is little blood in this film at all
and works instead on suspense and tension .
it became so clear
that halloween spawned movie like friday the 13th and character like jason voorhee ,
whom he is a mere rip off of michael myer.to sum it up ,
i suggest you see this film at least once in your life
as it is a landmark in film making
and is without a doubt
if not the greatest then one of the greatest horror film of all time .
