`` home room '' came as a total surprise .
not having a clue
as to what it was all about ,
it paid off big time
because it does not hold any punch
and what we see is how life are changed by the act of a disgruntled young man
who decided to victimize his class mate ,
who are the innocent victim of his rash actions.paul ryan 
the director ,
who is working and editing his own material ,
is a talented man
who is rewarded by some amazing acting all around by his cast.alicia browning
is an older girl
who is trying to graduate high school .
she has been away a couple of year
and does not seem to be in the same wave length of the other student .
for one 
she is a rebel with a punk look 
lot of makeup and a mouth
that will cut anyone
who dares to come near her orbit .
alicia was among the student in the home room
where nine student have died ,
supposedly killed by her boyfriend .
alicia ,
we realize ,
is a wounded girl
who has gone through a terrible ordeal in her life ,
but we are not given any clue
to that effect.what follows is the aftermath of the tragedy ,
as it concentrates on a young woman
who has survived it .
deanna cartwright is a wealthy teen ager
who should not have been at the school 
at all .
when a ricochet bullet hit her ,
she is hospitalized with more than a wound .
she is trying to get over this dark period in her mind
but the nightmare do not let
her forget.alicia is made to go to the hospital by the school principal .
since she does not cooperate with the police ,
the head of the school wants her to see deanna in her terrible state
and perhaps she will soften up
and will tell the authority what she knows .
alicia dislike deanna 
but in a matter of day 
both girl will make peace .
we do not realize
until the last sequence what really happened
that horrible day in school.busy phillip makes an excellent alicia and erika christiansen is equally good as deanna .
victor garber 
jame pinkin 
taylor holland 
and the rest of the cast play as an ensemble.the film has an intensity
because it is not explicit in showing how the shooting occurred ,
which helps the tone
that mr. ryan wanted to give this movie .
