a handful of critic have awarded this film with positive comment .
i do not wish to argue with their opinion ,
but i strongly disagree .
when i first watched this film i
was mildly impressed .
but after comparing it with other film ,
particularly with the late master 
bruce lee i quickly changed my mind .
in fact ,
if it was not for the title of the film ,
i would never have bought it .
game of death 2 does not relate to the original game of death ,
( except it share one character 
billy lo .
) i was stunned to see how similar game of death 2 was compared
to enter the dragon .
the plot have striking similarity :
both bruce lee and bobby lo are on a mission to avenge a relative .
the two location are similar ,
in which they both are very isolated
and are surrounded by thousand of blackbelt .
there is an element of prostitution in both film
( woman are sent two the guest room in both film . )
both han
( enter the dragon )
and lewis 's henchman have a hand missing .
their is an underground drug operation in enter the dragon ,
believe it or not ,
there is one in game of death 2. han has a pet cat in enter the dragon ,
the director has used his imagination
and awarded lewis with a pet monkey !
the list continues .
regarding other aspect of the film 
such as the script and the acting ,
i felt
it was very poor .
it seemed to me
that the director was looking for a group of martial artist to star in the film and prayed
they could act .
on a positive scale 
i can not deny
that the choreography is impressive .
although the fighting sequence have strong element of acrobatic in them ,
they are none the less skillfully performed .
however ,
as the plot is insufficient ,
i could not relate to the character ,
therefore the fighting sequence were more exhibition rather than having a meaning to the film .
in conclusion i would say
this film is recommendable to any martial-art fan ,
but for those
who enjoy a solid action film ,
with a good storyline and strong character ,
i seriously would not recommend this film .
my opinion towards this film may seem very bias and one-sided ,
but when bruce lee set a new standard in the martial art cinema ,
particularly after his masterpiece :
enter the dragon ,
this film failed to rise to these standard .
if anything they imitated a truly illiant martial-art film ,
in hope of achieving the same level of fame .
in reference to my evaluation 
awarding this film a very harsh 1/10 ,
the film is barley watchable ,
and must be thankful
that it had the fighting sequence
it did .
