yeti :
curse of the snow demon starts aboard a plane full of american high school teen
who are on their way
to play a football game in japan ,
unfortunately during a fierce thunder storm their plane crash in the himalayas .
unlucky really .
with some dead and some alive the survivor have to think about themselves
and decide to wait it out until help comes .
however just when they think
their luck could not get any worse
they soon discover that a huge 
hairy yeti type abominable snowman creature wants to kill and eat them all .
trapped 
cold 
starving and fighting for survival will help reach the stranded teen in time ? yeah 
with a title like yeti :
curse of the snow demon
it can only mean one thing
and that is that someone at the sci-fi channel has made yet another 'creature feature '
although to give these thing a bit of variety the sci-fi channel here in the uk are now dubbing them as a 'beast feast ' !
as if that will make any difference .
directed by paul ziller one has to say
that yeti :
curse of the snow deamon is a terrible film
but a somewhat entertaining one at the same time ,
sure it is bad
but it is sort of fun at time too .
the basic premise is alright actually ,
it is a sort of cross between alive
( 1993 )
with it is plane crash
and the survivor having to turn cannibal to survive and the excellent gory killer bigfoot
( another legendary hairy monster )
exploitation flick night of the demon
( 1980 )
which i would defend with my last eath and i have to say
it is not exactly a marriage
made in heaven
but as i said
it is fun at time
if not exactly gripping or well written .
the character 's are mostly annoying american teen ,
there is the expected arguing ,
there is the macho hero ,
the strong female and the coward
who thinks only of himself
so there is no prizes for originality .
there are some plot hole too ,
if a plane load of person crash why only send two ranger on foot to search for them ?
how are you going to dig a large hole and line
it with sharpened stick in the space of ten minute ?
why did the yeti not kill
that bird at the end ?
it had killed everyone else up to that point so why not her ?
the 'there are actually two yeti 's running around ' twist is not used to any effect at all either .
at least there is a good pace about the film ,
it certainly moves along at a fair old pace
and i never found myself becoming bored with it .
there is some moderately gory action
and the film does have some fascination in seeing
whether the kid are going to survive or not and if they are going to eat their dead mate or not.the one thing
you can always say about these sci-fi channel 'creature features ' or 'beast feast ' is that the cgi computer effect will be laugh out loud hilarious
and so that proves to be the case yet again .
the plane crash at the start look awful and the yeti
when it is cgi look simply embarrassing jumping all over the place
like it is on a pogo stick .
there one or two nice gore scene
including a ripped off arm 
a squashed head 
a ripped out heart 
some dead body 
some blood splatter and the best bit
when the yeti rips a guy in half
and beats him with his own ripped-off leg
before biting a big chunk out of them .
according to the imdb the actor
playing the yeti took three and a half hour
to get into the suit and the make-up
which seems like a long time
since it is actually a pretty tatty looking creation .
apparently the original title was raksha :
curse of the snow demon with raksha meaning demon in tibetan sanskrit ,
so now you know.this has reasonable production value
considering the usual sci-fi channel stuff
they churn out
although the mountain location look nothing like the harsh ,
bleak himalayas and was probably situated near some ski resort somewhere and during a lot of the daytime scene
it actually look pleasantly warm .
the acting is not that good and i did not think
any of the girl looked
that good
either which did not help.yeti :
curse of the snow demon is another terrible sc-fi channel 'creature feature '
if i am honest
that any sane person will not like
but
if your looking for a bit of horror themed fun then this is not too bad
and there are one or two entertaining moment
that make it somewhat watchable
even if it is not very good .
