*many many spoiler in this review* this movie was horrible .
i am a huge baseball fan
so i thought
i would watch it ,
and i was very disappointed .
it started out okay..
when i saw the bad influence deniro had on his young son ,
i was hoping
that he would become a better father throughout the movie or something .
anyway 
at the beginning it seemed
as if deniro was supposed to be the protagonist .
he was the only one
that believed in bobby ,
and he had his adorable son
that he was losing custody of ,
which gave me a reason
to feel bad for him .
he wanted to help bobby by talking to primo ,
when out of absolutely nowhere he utally stabs primo to death ... not to mention that sketchy reoccurring song `` i want to **** you ! ! ! ! ''
at random unfitting moments.later ,
when deniro saves bobby 's son from drowning 
i was hoping
that the movie could redeem itself..
he could forgive himself for killing primo
if he saved bobby 's son .
but of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie ,
because all he cares about is getting credit for the murder ,
and does so by stealing bobby 's son 
car 
and dog
and holding them hostage- bobby just has to hit a home run and announce
that deniro is a `` true fan ''
while displaying a picture of him biting a knife.now
we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end ...
it is pouring like hell
and we are expected to believe
that the game has not been called .
then deniro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls bobby out at home ,
proceeding to pull out his knife and start stabbing everyone
that runs onto the field .
there are seemingly no officer on the field
( but the police are on their way ) ,
so deniro step on the mound
and prepare to pitch a knife to bobby
when he gets shot to death .
but do not worry ,
this cheerful and pleasant movie has a happy ending ,
because bobby find his son.this is not a sport movie .
it is not about a fan .
as far as i know ,
fan are not rabid psychopath
that threaten 
rob 
and throw knife at their admiree .
this is likely to be the sickest movie i will ever see in my life .
the plot was shallow 
the soundtrack sucked ,
the movie had no purpose whatsoever .
i warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film .
