i originally gave this episode a rating of two- i now wish
i would thought more about it .
i also wish
they had negative rating options.watching it ,
i was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish .
i adore ron pearlman 
and john carpenter ...
so what went wrong ? ?
last season episode 13 was pulled due to the way
it handled the abortion issue .
i think
that this season mr carpenter managed to make something so grey-area
that you can not immediately see
if he is pro-choice or anti-abortion .
it was only after i sat
and thought about it
that i realized
he is very much anti-abortion- you get this most clearly in the end
when the 'mother ' shoot the baby and kills it 
to the dismay of the 'father ' ,
who walks off in grief ,
leaving the mother unharmed .
but you also see it in the way
the ron p. character is treated- i hardly think
that
if someone has proved themselves enough of a threat in the past so
as to have a restraining order against him
that they would not immediately be ringing the police .
instead we have the guard almost sympathetically dealing with him
( only to pay for it in the end )
i do not mind someone having a strong view on something ,
even if it is not something i agree in ,
but i do think
its a bit lame not to stand by that view ,
rather than trying to look like they are sitting somewhere in the middle.but 
political issue aside ,
this episode was beyond poor .
the music was retro-70 's
and just plain did not work .
the acting
( other than ron p. )
was poor .
the effect were dreadful-
it might have been better just to -not- show the monster at all rather than show the lame excuse for a monster
they had.all this
being said ,
i am glad
they have the master of horror- i do not mind
sitting through some really poor episode to find the good one .
its a bit like renting horror movie from the video store- every now
and again you get a good one
and it makes it all worth while .
i do agree with the poster
that said
maybe the name needs to change from master- some of these person
just plain do not deserve the title .
( let me stress tho- even tho i hated this episode ,
john carpenter totally deserves the title .
he is a master thru and thru )
