deliverance is john boorman 's 1972 horror/thriller movie about a group of four atlanta businessman
( burt reynold 
jon voight 
ned beatty and ronnie cox ) ,
that undertake a canoe trip down the cahulawassee river
before the river is dammed .
along the way 
a raft
( no pun intended )
of unpleasant thing happen to the man .
despite the nasty happening in this picture ,
boorman captures the natural beauty of the river nicely .
the location was really chosen well .
indeed 
this would still be a very nice film to watch ,
had the canoe trip gone smoothly .
the lush forest and gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible .
not only is the location scenic ,
but also beautifully shot thank to cinematographer vilmos zsigmond .
it has been said
that burt reynold ' performance as the outdoorsman 
lewis 
is the star acting role in this film .
i reckon however ,
that jon voight steals the show with his role as the suburban family man 
ed ,
who is rapidly forced to change his demeanour in order to survive .
in fact 
the scene
in which climbs the cliff
was not a stuntman .
it was voight himself .
to cut cost the filming was not insured
and the actor did their own stunt .
the soundtrack is particularly noteworthy .
eric weissberg 's and steve mandel 's performance on guitar and banjo as part of the duelling banjos sequence remains one of the most awesome piece of soundtrack in the history of cinema for the sheer intensity of its performance .
at a couple of other point in the movie 
we are treated to more 
softer 
banjo music
which provides a very pleasant accompanimant to the trip down the river for all the good point of this film ,
i did find it a little lacking in purpose .
it does not build suspense very well
and it is not really as gruesome
as we have been led to believe .
the plot itself is somewhat poor
and it does not really go anywhere .
nevertheless 
this movie has enough good point
to get my recommandation .
i did like it but for fan of gore ,
there is not really much of it .
none really 
in fact .
it is not so much a horror film as an adventure film
that turns a little bit sour .
think of it like rambo :
first blood meet three man in a boat .
look out for a very young charley boorman as ed 's son .
i did like this movie ,
the soundtrack 
cinematography and acting earn it a well deserved 7/10 .
