it seems to me 
as a recent film school graduate ,
that in these time of new zealand film reaching new height ,
the general public seems to think
every new zealand film made is great .
sione 's wedding proves this is dead
wrong.it is completely overrated and not funny ,
and far from the 'hilarious ' film other user of imdb have commented .
the only really funny thing i
found in this film
was derek the wannabe black guy 
but other than that the joke were recycled crap
that we 'd all heard before.being of half-samoan decent ,
i wanted to see
how the film was going to deal with polynesian representation .
it was a complete balls-up - i know
it is a supposed comedy ,
but i did not feel
like the character had anything new to say about polynesian identity ,
even if it was in a tongue-in-cheek manner .
i was most disappointed with the ending of the film
and the resolution of the character 's relationship - mikaele was the player
who only messed around with white woman ,
comes to slightly turn his way
when the 'dusky maiden ' comes to town ,
has an epiphany
that maybe he should start looking for a stable relationship ,
then at the very last minute rejects it and accepts his position as a polynesian playboy for palagi woman .
i did not understand
why they did this.all in all ,
it was very disappointing .
my whole family went to see
it expecting to have a good laugh ,
but ended up being really bitter about paying
to see it at the cinema .
the joke are lame at best 
the acting 
particularly of sefa 's girlfriend 
appalling ,
and honestly i would 've been happy
if i had got my hand on one of those pirated copy of the film
to save myself the $ 15 ticket price.i think
the only good thing to come from the movie
is
that it is the second step
( behind no .
2 
of course 
a far superior film to this one )
in the birth of polynesian cinema .
i hope pacific filmmaker in the future can learn from sione 's wedding in how to not reflect polynesia
and have something more meaningful and sensible to say .
even if it is done in a comedic fashion .
