time paradox are the devil 's snare for underemployed mind .
they are fun to consider in a 'what if ? '
sort of way .
film maker and author have dealt with this time and again in a host of film and television
including 'star trek :
first contact ' 
the 'back to the future ' trilogy 
'bill and ted 's excellent adventure ' 
'groundhog day ' and the stargate sg1 homage 
'window of opportunity ' .
heinlein 's 'all you zombies ' was written decade ago
and yet it will still spin out person reading
that short story for the first time.in the case of terry gilliam 's excellent film 
'12 monkey ' 
it is hard to establish what may be continuity problem versus plot element
intended to make us re-think our conception of the film .
repeated viewing will drive us to different conclusion
if we retain an open mind.some ,
seeing the film for the first time ,
will regard cole ,
played by bruce willis 
as a schizophrenic .
most will see cole as a man
disturbed by what adams describes as 'the continual wrenching of experience ' visited upon him by time travel.unlike other time travel story ,
'12 monkey ' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating event in the past .
cole tells his psychiatrist 
railly
( madeleine stowe ) ,
that time can not be changed ,
but a phone call
he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientist
after he has been sent back to 1996 ,
in his own personal time-line.even this could be construed as an event
that had to happen in a single time-line universe ,
in order to ensure that the time-line is not altered ... cole has to die before the eye of his younger self for fate to be realised .
if that is the case ,
time is like a fluid ,
it always finds its own level or path ,
irrespective of the external force
working on it .
it boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.if you can change future event
that then guide the action of those with the power
to send person back in time ,
as we see on board the plane at the end of the film ,
then that means the future can be changed by manipulating past event ...
or does it ?
the film has probably led to plenty of drunken awls at bar frequented by physicist and mathematicians.bonus material on the dvd makes for very interesting viewing .
gilliam was under more than normal pressure
to ing the film in under budget ,
which is no particular surprise after the 'munchausen ' debacle and in light of his later attempt to film 'don quixote ' .
i would rate the 'making of ' documentary
as one of the more interesting i have seen .
it certainly is no whitewash
and accurately observes the difficulty and occasional conflict
arising between the creative person
involved .
gilliam 's description of the film as his `` 7\u00bdth '' release 
on account of the film
being written by writer other than himself - and therefore ,
not really 'his ' film ' - does not do the film
itself justice.brad pitt 's portrayal of goine is curiously engaging ,
although his character is not especially sympathetic .
watch for his slightly wall-eyed look in one of the scene from the asylum .
it is disturbing and distracting.probably a coincidence ,
the louis armstrong song 'what a wonderful world ' was used at the end of both '12 monkey ' and the final episode of the tv series of 'the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy ' .
both the film and the tv series also featured british actor simon jone .
'12 monkey ' is a science fiction story
that will entertain in the same way
that the mental stimulation of a game of chess may entertain .
it is not a mindless recreation ,
that is for sure .
