i could not help but feel
that this could have been a bigger movie
than it was .
the screenplay is highly intelligent
and it just seemed
that it could have been opened up in a way more reminiscent of seven .
not by changing the story -
i think mainly through the cinematography .
the cinematography was the only thing
that i found to be holding back the film .
on the other hand 
the pacing was absolutely on point .
whoever worked on the editing really did their job well .
and i thought
bill paxton did a great job of directing .
now away from the technical stuff ...
this movie threw me for a loop .
spoiler ahead ! ! ! !
all along 
i really felt
that bill paxton was crazy and then
when adam finally took the fbi agent to the rose garden
to show him
where the body were buried
and revealed
who he was ,
i got thrown for a loop .
i had suspected the first part of the twist
but what really threw me was
when he touches the agent
and sees the agent murder his mother and the fact
that the agent too
( without any word spoken 
simply by touch )
sees it again with adam
and asks him how he knew .
my dilemma was not that it was yet another twist thrown in but the almost ungraspable idea
that this man and his father were not crazy
but actually picked out 'bad guy ' so to speak ,
knowing their sin and crime already .
i do not endorse an eye for an eye so i did not leave the film
being able to believe
that they were doing god 's work .
instead i chose to believe
that they were both clairvoyant
and that the father had gone off the deep end one day from it and through the thing
that he subjected his son to ,
disturbed them permanently also .
that was my interpretation
but the vexing thing about the film was it is like a house of card and a never-ending circle
and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing event
you have sat through .
it is definitely one of those movie
where i would love to be able to meet the writer
so i could just ask him what the real meaning was to it all .
were they crazy and psychotic ?
were they simply telepathic and took license
because of it ?
or did they have some sort of appearance from god ?
and if so 
was it god or the devil disguising himself as god .
my friend and i found ourselves talking about it all night
trying to figure out what was what and what the filmmaker had thought was the answer
when they made this movie.a definitely perplexing
and thought invoking film with some very disturbing but certainly not sensationalistic element to it .
it is not a perfect film ,
but it definitely is it is own thing .
great directorial work
and acting by bill paxton and the child
that played fenton
was extremely good .
i hope
he does not end up relegated to the child actor syndrome
as he seems to have a lot of promise .
i gave this movie a good vote for the majority of the component
that make a film ,
but i would have voted higher
if was not for the feeling
that something
( although i can not pinpoint what )
was off
and if it had not have been ,
the movie would have gone to an even higher level .
still 
a definite recommend 
especially for those that are inquisitive .
