in where the sidewalk ends 
otto preminger reunites dana andrew and gene tierney 
surely in hope of recapturing the magic of his laura .
but they are wildly dissimilar film ,
set in different stratum of new york
( not to mention at opposite pole of the noir universe ) .
a fine mist of the gothic hover over the upscale manhattan of laura 
with its erotic obsession and faint whiff of necrophilia ;
where the sidewalk ends is pure urban soot and grit befouling a town of basement apartment 
steam room and parking garages.but
it is every bit
as fine a movie as its revered forerunner 
and dyed-in-the-wool noir
( laura 
by contrast 
one of the clutch of film from 1944
which the french first dubbed `noir 
'
was still very much a sophisticated murder mystery ) .
daylight enter only on very temporary sufferance ,
and director of photography joseph lashelle makes the most of the alley and ownstone 
the dock and the el .
this is quintessential big-city -
specifically big apple - noir 
like several other from the bumper crop of 1950 
like side street and sleeping city and the tattooed stranger and edge of doom.as the movie opens ,
polouse detective dana andrew is on the carpet for his utal way 
particularly his vendetta toward crime boss gary merrill
( whom we learn was set up in business by andrew ' ne'er-do-well father ) .
when an out-of-towner is stabbed to death at a floating crap game
operated by merrill ,
the hair-trigger andrew roughs up a witness ,
causing him a fatal crack to the skull
( exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran 's head ) .
realizing
that his job 's already on the line ,
andrew dumps the body in the river
after making it look like the suspect
had taken a powder.of course ,
that is far from an end to it .
the corpse is discovered ,
his estranged wife turns out to be tierney ,
and all the evidence starts to turn toward her father
( tom tully ) ,
a hack driver
who happened not only to have been cruising the same mean street the night of the murder
but to have ample reason
to want his abusive son-in-law dead .
but the embittered loner andrew finds in tierney a summon to his better nature ;
he tries to exonerate her father
while still keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret ... .not so epigrammatic as laura 
the script
for where the sidewalk ends
( by ben hecht )
shows a pungency of its own
( in a second dressing-down 
his superior tell andrew 
`look at you - all bunged up like a barrelhouse fag ' )
.but
while laura spread its attention over half a dozen character ,
here andrew is all but the sole focus
( even tierney 's role is far less central than her half-spectral laura ) .
and andrew may never have excelled his performance here .
it is tight-lipped and taciturn ,
but never more eloquent
than when his face is silently registering the anguish
to which his own obstinacy has ought him .
he is a pent-up sufferer
who can find release only through the safety-valve of violence
( he even lashes out against his loyal partner 
bert freed ) .
to be sure ,
he finds too swift a road to redemption though the agency of his beautiful co-star .
but that was the style of the time ,
and a sweetened-up ending does little to undermine this new york story of violence 
corruption and urban entanglement .
