i am watching the series back
to back as fast as possible .
i am attempting to watch all thing star trek .
this is month 3
and i am now on season 3 of tng and i have already gone thru ds9 in its entirety .
star trek is the greatest television phenomenon
ever achieved .
`` shade of grey '' is the first recap episode in the tng series .
having just watched the show ,
these clip were fresh in my mind ,
but i noticed how a couple of them were re-shot
because the film looked better .
season 1 always seemed real dark and ugly
to me -
and the actor looked silly ,
like they did not fit in their own skins.the show is essentially just made of up a greatest hit of the happiest and saddest moment in riker 's life on the enterprise up until this point .
the data and riker scene in the holo-deck is a classic moment of new friendship .
my other favorite is when the 2nd officer on the klingon ship challenges riker 's authority as first officer and riker beat the living crap out of that klingon .
then the admiral kicks his a $ $ but good .
this entire episode is a heck of a reminder
that a lot of crazy 
great thing have happened already in a mere 2 season with 5 more to go and a handful of movie !
at this point in the series they are really starting to develop the emotion
that tie riker to deanna troi as imzadi .
up until this point they have mentioned the fact ,
but they have yet to exploit it .
let the record show
that the st wiki - memory alpha claim
that imzadi means `` first '' and denotes
that she has had intimate relation with riker
and also remains deeply close on an emotional one .
this episode further proves
there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time
to come.here is the article :
http :
//memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/imzadi by this point in the series ,
production value is up to speed
and star trek tng is settling into the sci-fi behemoth
it was destined to become .
watching this again
as an adult i see now what great actor the star trek universe provides .
they really need to make a new st show
set after all the current show .
a ds9 movie would have been nice too .
