four tale of terror
regarding the event at a creepy old mansion
are recounted to sceptical scotland yard investigator holloway
( john bennett )
as he investigates the whereabouts of the latest occupant of the house
that dripped blood.one can only struggle to find the word
to describe the true illiance
that is \u0091the house
that dripped blood ' .
this seventy horror anthology is quite remarkable in the way
that such a visually innocent movie is capable of inducing horror in even the most discerning of viewer .
incredibly 
the number of depiction of violence on-screen can be counted on one hand
but the film is still able to portray utality and succeeds in conjuring up the most horrific image in the viewer own imagination ,
all the while refraining from taking the obvious route of graphic violence .
in a rare feature of early seventy horror the technicality of the movie are virtually flawless 
from the faultless performance of the star-studded cast
( featuring the legendary peter cushing 
christopher lee and ingrid pitt )
all the way to the superb direction
and story telling courtesy of peter duffell and master of the macae writer robert bloch
( the author of the novel \u0091psycho ' ) .
the only real complaint
that one may have with \u0091the house
that dripped blood ' are the somewhat asinine plot-twist at the end of the first two segment and the predictable ending of the picture ,
but even these minor detail fail
to detract from the overall viewing enjoyment.the first segment ,
entitled \u0091method for murder ' ,
tells the story of charle hillyer
( denholm elliott ) ,
a horror author
who rents the creepy house
while he works on his latest novel .
while working on the novel ,
hillyer continues to start seeing the murderous character from his story in and around the house
and soon begin to question the difference between fiction and reality .
elliott 's performance in this piece is truly exceptional
and his character is given a surprising air of believability .
the key to this segment 
as with the other 
is the mystery
surrounding the event
that take place .
the viewer is made to question
whether the sight of the murderous character of dominic is merely a hallucination 
a schizophrenic disorder
or whether the character is actually there .
duffell 's direction succeeds in creating an unsettling atmosphere
coupled with a slow ,
methodical approach to engendering the tension and suspense required
to make the segment greatly enthralling.the
following segment feature peter cushing as the new occupant of the sinister house .
during a trip into town he comes across a wax museum of horror
and decide to venture in .
while there ,
he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman
that seems all too familiar to him .
cushing 's character
( philip )
is then joined by his friend neville
( joss ackland )
who also wishes to visit the museum 
much to the dismay of philip .
in this segment the viewer is given no more than very subtle clue as to the mystery of the wax woman
but in general the viewer is left in the dark .
there is far less tension to this particular story
yet the segment still succeeds in maintaining its air of mystery through a particularly harrowing dream sequence and the general ambiguity of the story .
duffell 's direction is once again exceptional
and while this is quite possibly the weakest of the four story ,
there is no denying
that through some creative direction and credible acting \u0091waxwork ' is still a delightful entry into the film.\u0091waxwork ' is followed by what is 
in my opinion 
the greatest of the four segment \u0096 \u0091sweet to the sweet ' .
christopher lee stars as john reid 
the father to a young girl
who to begin with
has an inexplicable fear of fire
which is soon remedied by caring nanny ann norton
( nyree dawn porter ) .
however 
john appears to be harbouring a dark secret about the family .
\u0091sweet to the sweet ' is easily the most sober and intricate of the four story
and that is why
the segment is undeniably compelling to the viewer .
throughout the segment small and subtle clue are released about the truth behind the family ,
but it is not until the immensely horrific final scene
that everything slot neatly into place .
this is the best example
of how duffell used dramatic tension
and suspense
to create the foreboding atmosphere
that made the entire film great .
accompanied by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack ,
\u0091sweet to the sweet ' is an exercise in sustained fear
that grabs the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the agonising scream
that end this piece finally cease .
personally 
i believe
that this short segment would have made an entertaining and haunting feature length movie
and i would give this segment a rare 10/10.the film is ended with the story
surrounding the missing performer
that the investigator was originally interested in .
jon pertwee and ingrid pitt star as two performer
who are currently working on a horror movie .
pertwee 's character is disgusted with the amateurish production and prop of the film
and so he purchase his own vampire cloak from a strange shop of mystery .
however 
strange thing begin to happen
when he wears the cloak and soon
he begin to fear the worst .
this segment ,
which places the inspector amongst the event ,
is a nice way
to wrap up a wonderful anthology .
although there is an irrefutable air of camp to the segment this
is 
in a way ,
what makes the story so enjoyable .
unfortunately 
there is little in this segment
that could be classed as frightening in any sense and the predictable ending could have been executed better
but nonetheless the segment has its redeeming feature .
horror buff should definitely look out for pertwee 's ief comment on bela lugosi 's and christopher lee 's portrayal of dracula .
this slightly comical and light-hearted approach to the final segment is in essence an adequate and almost natural way
of ending the picture
even if it lets down the film
when compared to the earlier example of suspense-driven horror.to sum up 
\u0091the house
that dripped blood ' is one of the greatest horror anthology
that feature an incredible cast 
great story and above par direction .
there are certainly worse way to spend one hundred minute of your life
and while blood and gut fan will be highly disappointed ,
fan of more tense horror effort should enjoy this film immensely .
my rating for \u0091the house
that dripped blood ' \u0096 8/10 .
