what an unfortunate mess is `` shiner . ''
i wanted to like this over-the-top 
anti-film aspirant ,
and in fact found a number of moment with powerful resonance .
sadly 
those moment are few and far between .
while i appreciate some of what calson was attempting 
any advantage aspired to by bare bone ,
no budget cinematography was destroyed with some truly atrocious editing
that benefited the movie not at all.while bad acting abound in low budget
( and big budget )
cinema 
shiner has some remarkably bad performance
that are nearly painful to watch .
in particular the `` straight '' couple linda and young guy .
these are the two most poorly written character
offering almost nothing to the story .
the acting is so abysmal
and neither actor seems capable of resisting smirking or cracking up
as they drearily drop their line with an appalling lack of skill .
the choppy editing almost lends the feeling
that these role were entirely gratuitous
and dropped in to avoid the film
being stereotypically cast as an oddball gay film .
it would have been better off as such.with all
that is going wrong for it ,
there are several performance
that seem to capture what calson was hoping to get .
in particular the story centering on bob and tim .
these are the two most richly drawn character
and offer the most reward with genuinely captivating performance by nichola t. king
( bob )
and david zelinas
( tim ) .
tim is a boxer with some serious issue .
remarkably low self esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like arrogance
that he wears like armour plating .
obsessed with tim ,
the seemingly harmless yet ultimately creepy bob 
stalks the boxer in classic cat-and-mouse fashion .
when the table are turned
and hunter becomes the hunted 
the resulting in the film 's only genuine emotional catharsis .
in a film so artificially hard-edged
( that is a compliment )
one character must have
that revelatory eak through
( or eakdown ,
as the case proves here )
and the final confrontation between bob and tim provide zelinas and king opportunity to display some real acting chops.as
played by scott stepp and derris nile ,
tony and danny seem to be the focus of the movie ,
and despite some avado moment of their own
( including one truly disturbing scene
revealing the sex/violence obsession ) ,
but they can not seem to escape a cartoon-like artifice
and it is difficult to look at - or beyond their seeming one note symphony
and find anything other than the obvious.ultimately this same raw material could
( and should )
be used
to tell this story in better fashion .
ala 
there really is not much to recommend this yet ,
the performance by messrs. king and zelinas 
really do offer something special and a glimpse of what might have been
and are ultimately worth seeing .
