lion king 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel .
do not expect the production value of a theatrical release ,
but do expect the highest quality of direct to video release.it is set up as timon and pumba begin watching the original lion king in a darkened theater and auptly switch track
and begin narrating their own story .
this is done with frequent comedic interruption .
for example 
during one particular tense moment a home shopping commercial pops on and a chagrined pumba realizes
he has sat on the remote .
these little moment pepper the movie ,
and whether
you find them entertaining
or not will greatly depend on your sense of humor .
if you are particularly bothered by movie
that deliberately remind the viewer is watching a movie ,
than this may not be your cup of tea.animation is the best
they have invested in the disney dtv line ,
and is integrated almost seamlessly with the original material .
the newer 
independent material uses a lot of the artistic style of the original .
the voice talent are all well performed ,
though i could not help thinking of marge simpson every time i
heard julie kavner.many of the joke in the movie will be well recognized by viewer as recycled over the generation ,
but are presented more with the familiarity of comfortable quirk of old friend than annoyingly repetitive.the music has made me realize
how much i enjoyed and miss a good musical integrated with a disney feature .
the toe-tapping opening feature of 'dig a tunnel ' is well choreographed and hilarious .
timon and pumba 's take on the lion king 's opening sequence and their introduction to paradise are also amusing .
the only problem was the reprise of the 'dig a tunnel ' at the end of the movie ,
switching its lyric and tune from defeatist to uplifting.story line is pretty well done ,
and the integration of new plot element is done almost perfectly ,
though the final bit during the hyena chased stretched the storyline credibility a little .
the new story does not seem to handle saccharine or emotionally charged moment to well ,
and does better
when it is resorting to full comedy .
overall 
worth purchasing .
if you like all the bonus features
that come with a typical 2-disc set ,
then go for it .
for the penny pincher
who still is willing to invest on a good flick ,
wait
until it drops four or more dollar
and go rent
it right away .
damion crowley .
