three giant saetooth tiger
( ..created in a laboratory from mitochondrial dna 
a `` genetic eakthrough '' derived from fossil material )
are on the rampage accidentally set free through a series of event
( such as a computer geek 's introduced virus in order to unlock security measure
keeping the resort novelty shop closed during construction and a security guard 's leaving a gate open
while searching for the missing page from a porn mag
that flew away in the eeze )
that threaten the life of those it comes in contact with .
the tiger are always hungry ,
but are unable to digest what they eat .
so pretty much the tiger just rip their prey to shred .
victim include a group of college kid
( ..the stereotype include a goth girl 
jock and tech nerd ) 
security personnel ,
and those somewhat developed rich scoundrel
who we can easily despise
and wish horrible death.rounding out a series of bad sci-fi channel flick ,
attack of the saetooth has some of the most wretched computer simulated animal i
have seen yet .
and 
the final death sequence is so putridly presented ,
you will demand within the deepest recess of your soul the time
spent on this
truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon .
there is some good dark humor deriving from head
being torn from neck ,
but even here the prosthetic work is unconvincing .
prosthetic body part and blood aplenty
as victim are pounced upon 
crying for help and receiving none .
i am starting to sound like a oken record ,
repeating myself in every user comment i write for these sci-fi channel flick .
i think
maybe it is time
to move on to other kind of cinema .
robert carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman
who is being wooed by his truly repellent ex-other-in-law 
nichola bell 
the one opening `` primal park '' 
a resort / zoo featuring genetically
created saetooth tiger
as it is major attraction .
stacy haiduk 
still quite yummy 
is a security officer
who attempts to convince bell
to get the investor
he hopes to goad into putting money in his multi-million dollar project
to leave the island .
brian wimmer is haiduck 's lover
and his role is a mechanic keeping operation running smoothly.bell 's fate at the end ,
resulting from a dislodged tooth from a saetooth tiger statue is the pit .
carradine spends a great deal of the film taunting bell 
his arch nemesis .
the tiger 's point-of-view show human in a ight color
as it moves toward them .
the film ultimately consists of character walking through darkened corridor
( ..the tech nerd 's virus cut off the power )
worried for their safety .
the college kid commit eaking and entering to score certain item needed
( ..it is a scavenger hunt type of activity )
to enter a fraternity / sorority .
the cast playing
these kid do not rise above their clich\u00e9s .
