polanski return to the theme of solitude and madness
which he explored to such tremendous effect in repulsion and rosemary 's baby 
in the tenant.the atmosphere is trademark polanski - dark 
ooding 
unnerving -
but there is something awkward about this movie
and i am
not sure
whether or not it is deliberate.sven nykvist ,
who was responsible for some of bergman 's most beautiful film ,
does not quite do himself justice here .
as his name was one of the thing
which really attracted me to this movie ,
i was a little disappointed
in how few instance of truly impressive cinematography are in the film.the only thing
that really lets the movie down is the acting .
polanski is certainly not a bad actor ,
but he seems to have bitten off more
than he can chew with the difficult role of trelkovsky .
some of the supporting cast are great 
notably melvyn dougla as the landlord and shelley winter as the concierge ,
but other are weak and miscast .
it is also hard to get past the fact
that all these supposed parisian have american accents.quite unexpectedly ,
there are some fine moment of dark comedy in the film .
anyone
who has seen the fearless vampire killer knows
that polanski is certainly a good comedic actor .
however 
there are moment
when it slips dangerously close to being a parody of itself .
trelkovsky 's sudden
( and somewhat unexplained )
'transformation ' is more likely to raise giggle than eyeow ,
which detracts from what should have been a powerful moment in his psycho-dramatic journey.all in all ,
the tenant is an enjoyable and intriguing experience 
if a little too languorous for its own good .
there is a handful of exceptionally chilling moment and a consistently uncomfortable and foreboding atmosphere but this film ,
while being very good ,
does not quite hit the mark
as successfully
as it could have.alas ,
at the end of the day 
an 'okay ' polanski movie is still better than most other 'good ' movie .
definitely worth a watch ,
just do not expect to be blown away .
