i saw this movie in my childhood .
and after 10 year i did not remember anything about this movie
but i found out it i also do not know
how i was able to find out this movie .
its my life .
my all time favorite movie .
my word will fall short of true meaning what i have inside for this movie .
i follow this movie .
it is a illiant mix of fantasy 
comedy 
romance 
horror 
erotic 
scary and martial art .
the story
about the power of love
is pretty touching and warm .
it is a masterpiece of hong kong cinema.sinnui yauman ,
is without a doubt one of the best ghost story ever made into film .
written by songling pu and directed by siu-tung ching ,
a chinese ghost story has it all .
ling choi sin
played by leslie cheung
is a young man down on his luck
who goes in search of a monastery for lodging 
deep in the wood 
a place
the villager seem very afraid to go near .
the trek alone is perilous with wolf ,
and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple.ling choi sin meet tsing 
a beautiful and mysterious young girl
who also lives nearby in a deserted temple .
she is forced to seduce man for her evil mistress ,
but
when she meet innocent ling choi sin
they fall in love.ling choi sin is sort of a bumbling fool
but his heart is in the right place ,
while tsing try to protect him from the other spirit in the wood ,
he try to protect her from the monk
who is trying to kill the spirit in the wood .
there is great martial art 
even a monk
that eaks out into drunken song
as he perform ritual taoist sword form .
the movie does a lot of traditional old martial art film acrobatic 
with magic and flying through the air 
leaping from tree to tree 
with elegant long gown and scarf 
but the movie genuinely flows ,
and everything is effective.tsing is to be married to a evil tree monster ,
which can not be good ,
and we feel her plight in her home
where we meet her sister and stepmother
who is truly not nice.in the end
they must fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue ,
and go with yin deep into the heart of hell
to fight a thousand year old evil
to save their soul ,
and ing ling 's ash back to her home for a proper burial
so she may have a chance at reincarnation.a beautiful story
that truly pays attention to detail .
one is touched in many way by this movie ,
you will laugh 
cry ,
and just have fun with the great martial art and cinematography .
and though at the end 
yin and ling choi sin ride off into the morning sun under a enchanting rainbow ,
we never know
if tsing was afforded a reincarnation ,
but we do know her .
