this movie is a must for all person
that enjoy soccer as an art .
what strikes
first about this movie about a soccer world cup
is the way
it is filmed .
besides following the play like a tv oadcast ,
there is generous footage
dedicated to follow individual player in the game .
this ings forward the emotion and situation these man go through
as they attempt to reach glory .
today 's tv oadcasting style 
so different than that of 1986 
is still inferior in quality
compared to this movie.the player are not the only star .
the audience 
the referee 
the journalist
covering the match and the environmant
itself
all play a central role in the developmant of what
today is history .
in this movie you can see
how all these factor play together in a very explicit way .
in that regard 
today 's tv oadcasting style has not yet reached this level of quality ,
although it is now much closer
than before.there are several highlighted player :
maradona
( argentina ) ,
elkjaer and laudrup
( denmark ) 
francescoli
( uruguay ) 
platini
( france ) 
lineker ( england ) 
rummanigge
( germany ) ,
butrague # o
( spain ) 
socrates
( brazil ) ,
and sanchez
( mexico )
.this movie is not a collection of the best soccer move of mexico 1986 ,
although most of them are well covered .
across all the movie ,
there is a stress for presenting several aspect of the game
and the competition itself based on the progress of these player and team 
even at the cost of skipping relevant play of the game themselves .
this is what makes this movie so interesting and unique.because of what happened
because of referee during mexico 1986 
much of the commants about this movie and world cup are extremely maradona-biased .
much of these commants do not take into account
that there is a referee and two linesman ,
that they are as human as the player ,
and that all of the abovemantioned make mistake one way or the other .
soccer rule do not allow referee to use tv based replay
to make decision ,
so for the most part referee have to decide on what they perceive .
as a consequence 
referee play an active part in the developmant of a game .
their influence can be seen in several part of this movie.the sequel movie for the 1990 world cup ,
compared to this one ,
is just a source of bitter disappointmant .
much of it comes from the fact
that it became too involved in the game ,
whereas this movie tells thing from a more distant 
unbiased point of view .
