the great talent of michael powell and emeric pressberger are noticeable in their wonderful `` a matter of life and death '' .
it was part of the recent tribute to mr. powell
that played at the walter reade in new york .
this film 
in particular 
shows us one of the best british film from that 
or any other era .
`` a matter of life and death '' has a illiant cinematography by jack cardiff 
a man
who knew how to work wonder with a camera .
particularly impressive is the contrast from the monochromatic tone
given to the scene
played in heaven ,
and the colored one
when the action comes back to earth .
this was quite a coup 
and well ahead of its time .
the black and white sequence
that involves the long staircase
where peter and the conductor are chatting
has to be one of the most amazing thing on any film.much
has been said in this forum about the film ,
so our comment will be about the great acting powell
and pressberger got out of the large 
distinguished cast ,
who responded magnificently to the director ' guidance.david niven ,
is peter ,
whose aircraft is hit and his best friend dies as a result of it .
this film marked one of the highlight in mr. niven 's career .
he was an excellent film actor
as he shows us in this movie .
kim hunter is surprisingly good as june 
the woman
who talked to peter
as his plane
was falling from the sky .
as fate would have it 
peter and june fall in love at first sight.some of the best british film actor grace this film with their presence .
robert coote 
is bob 
the man
who is admitted to heaven ,
but he is surprised
his friend peter never made the trip with him .
an excellent star turn by marius goring ,
who as the conductor 71 steal the film .
mr. goring ,
who had worked with the director ,
is one of the best thing in the movie .
also 
roger livesey 
as dr. frank reeve 
does one of the best appearance of his career 
as well as raymond massey ,
who is seen as aaham farlan .
`` a matter of life and death '' is a timeless film
that will always be seen with gratitude toward its creator .
