richard chamberlain is david burton 
a tax lawyer
living in sydney ,
australia
who is drawn into a murder trial
defending five aboriginal man
accused of murdering a fellow native in peter weir 's apocalyptic 1977 thriller the last wave .
taking up
where picnic at hanging rock left off ,
the film goes deeper into exploring the unknown
and 
in the process 
shows the gulf between two culture
who live side by side
but lack understanding of each other culture and tradition .
weir shows
how white society consider the native beliefs to be primitive superstition
and believes
that
since they are living in the city
and have been `` domesticated '' 
their tribal law and culture no longer apply .
from the start 
burton is drawn deeper
and deeper into a strange web of vision and symbol where the line between real time and `` dream time '' evaporate .
water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence
in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupts a peaceful school recess to burton 's discovery
that his bathtub is overflowing
and water is pouring down his step .
as violent and unusual weather continue with episode of black rain and mud falling from the sky ,
the contrast between the facile scientific explanation of the phenomanon and the intuitive understanding of the native is made clear .
burton and his wife annie
( olivia hamnet )
study book about the aborigine
and learn about the role of dream in the tribal tradition .
when he invites one of his client chris lee
( david gulpilil )
to his home for dinner ,
he is disturbed to find
that he is the subject of an inquiry by chris and his friend charlie
( nadjiwarra amagula ) ,
an enigmatic aborigine sorcerer
involved with the defendant .
as burton 's investigation continues 
his client make his work difficult
by refusing to disclose the true event
surrounding the murder.after chris starts to appear in his dream ,
burton is convinced
that the aborigine was killed in a tribal ritual
because `` he saw too much '' ,
though chris refuse to acknowledge this in court .
burton ,
becoming more and more troubled by a mystery
he can not unravel ,
says to his stepfather priest ,
`` why did not you tell me there were mystery ? ''
this is a legitimate question but ,
according to the reverend ,
the church answers all mystery .
burton knows now
that he must discover the truth for himself
and enters the tribal underground cave .
though we do not know for certain what is real
and what is a dream ,
he comes face to face with his deepest fear in a haunting climax
that will leave you pondering its meaning into the wee hour of the morning.in this period of history
in which native hopi and mayan prophecy predict the `` end of history '' and the purification of man
leading to the fifth world ,
the last wave 
though 25 year old 
is still timely .
the aborigine are portrayed as a viant culture 
not one completely subjugated by the white man ,
yet i am troubled by the gnawing feeling
that we are looking in but not quite seeing .
weir has opened our eye to the mystery
that lies beyond our consensual view of reality ,
but he perpetuates the doom-orientation
that sees possibility only in term of fear ,
showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power
without a hint of the spiritual beauty
that lives on both side of time .
