'a smile like your ' is a pathetic comedy
that actually makes no sense .
i do not mean
that the story was complicated ,
but the entire plot is based on one thing :
a couple 's desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempt to conceive child .
person
who tried
that hard must 've forgotten of the option of the adoption ,
to which this movie is not kind to.lauren holly plays jennifer robertson 
a complete contradiction to anything
offered by the woman 's liberation movement ,
exhibiting almost no sense of independence .
she is quite a boring character
as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind
but to have kid .
like a dumb 50 's romance comedy 
greg kinnear is her submitting husband
who likewise displays no personality 
no independence 
and from us ,
no interest.they are the two most boring and often annoying character ,
and they hardly make for topic of a comedy
that should present itself with many mishap ,
which should arise from a couple
doing all
they can to get pregnant .
except 
they really do not do anything except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a whole lot of money
to do what they could do in the privacy of their own
( except for that in vitro fertilization number ) .
the plot hardly allows for any mishap ,
because well ,
the couple do not do anything
to create any sort of bizarre situation .
they just go to this clinic .
so what ? the subplot are meant to test the faithfulness of the couple 
a necessary moral element of the story
since the couple does plan on conceiving child together .
jennifer works at a new age shop with her friend
( played by joan cusak ) ,
and they are in the business of developing aphrodesiacs .
christopher macdonald plays the intrested buyer
and jennifer is the promising negotiator of a pretty price for her and her friend 's product .
the subplot hardly offers much
to keep you interested
( although joan cusak is pretty funny in the restaraunt scene ) .danny
( kinear )
is an architect ,
who finds an opportunity
to make some extra money
to cover the clinic bill ,
by taking on a job in seattle ,
where his boss is the crass seductress
( also another hopeless 
helpless female character )
who tries to influence danny
( as dumb
as he is )
to have an affair with her once thing are conveniently rocky with him and his wife
( for reason i do not care to give away ) .
jill hennesy is good in the role ,
but her character is too predictable ,
and too formulaic as a much needed element
to create conflict for danny .
it is stupid
and once again 
hardly interesting .
the overall movie itself is utterly boring ,
and hardly funny at all
( save the restaraunt scene and the airline flight ) .
the plot offers nothing
that is really attention-grabbing .
even if the story was entirely about two person
trying to conceive ,
the writer could have figured out several hilarious mishap
to develop out of that .
second 
the main character are completely boring .
they are complete silouhette of dumb 1950s comedy with happy wife and clueless husband .
so ,
even without mishap present in the plot ,
the character themselves offer nothing interesting ,
let alone funny.joan cusak should have been in the lead
and someone else should have taken kinnear 's part .
cusak would 've made even a lousy story outrageously funny
( as she sometimes does in her co-starring role here ) .
this is definitely one to pass up .
