inspector gadget was probably my all-time favorite 80 's cartoon .
i enjoyed both the first and second season of the series as well as 1992 's christma special `` inspector gadget saves christma '' .
some gadget fan are quick to criticize the second season
( 1985 )
of the show ,
but they need to compare it to dic 's 2002 release of `` inspector gadget 's last case :
claw 's revenge '' for then 
they will find the second season
to be absolute gold.being a gadget fan ,
i could not resist the opportunity
to see the animated inspector gadget in something
that was not gadget boy-related .
i purchased the film ,
and i swore to myself
that i would be objective ;
i knew
that sometimes artistic liberty would be taken from the original series .
i was not even prepared for what i was about to watch.there was barely a shred of the original show
still intact.here is a short list of just some of the con for this movie :
*the humor is non-existent from the original series .
*penny and brain
( originally having a nearly equal part in the series as gadget )
are missing from the action for fifteen to twenty minute interval .
*the original music by saban and levy is not there ,
and the score
that exists is sub-par .
( understood
that saban has his own production company now ,
but at least `` inspector gadget saves christma '' had good music ,
even without saban . )
*do not expect to see any of gadget 's gadget
which made the show so endearing 
such as gadget-copter 
gadget-ella 
gadget-mallet 
gadget-coat
( which actually was used
but it was not even called the same thing ) ,
as well as his standard other hat and hand gadget .
in this movie 
his gadget leg were telescopic instead of spring .
that kind of stuff annoy true fan of the show 
and simply are not necessary to change .
*the gadgetmobile from the original series is now a fast-talking ,
supposedly `` hip '' convertible .
all the fan from the original series enjoyed the gadgetmobile transforming into the gadget van and vice versa .
*chief quimby is now very short-tempered and even mean to gadget .
he was always grumpy in the original series ,
but this pushes the situation a bit much .
*penny no longer has a computer book.are there any positive to this movie ?
ok 
here goes ...
*maurice lamarche does a good job
of taking over for the great don adam as inspector gadget .
*in one scene 
chief quimby allude to an actual villain from the cartoon series :
the great wambini
( classic `` gadget '' villain from the second season ,
voiced by louis nye )
.looking for more redeeming factor for this movie ?
well 
you are out of luck .
life is about making choice and living by those choice .
most situation in life have a purpose
even if it is to teach a lesson .
the lesson learned here :
keep to the original formula !
`` if it are not oke ,
do not fix it . ''
true gadget fan should steer clear from this movie ;
you will surely be disappointed.hopefully 
dic and shout !
factory will continue to release more of the original series after the 2006 release of `` inspector gadget :
the original series 
volume 1 
'' containing the first 22 episode of the series .
as a true gadget fan 
lover of 80 's animation and many of dic 's program 
i urge you the viewer to purchase `` inspector gadget :
the original series 
volume 1 '' and `` inspector gadget saves christma '' dvd 's which are excellent
and sure to ing back good memory .
