... this would have been what you got.words alone can not describe how bad this is .
if you are having trouble sleeping pop this in and i guarantee
you will be out in fifteen minutes.robert lowery
was a pretty good actor in the 40s
-- but he is phoning it in here .
in an interview 
johnny `` duncan '' robin said
that in one scene he and batman had to run from the car to the house
and that lowery was doubled over out of camera range
because his girdle was too tight !
duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a boy wonder
-- in fact he is more like a guy in his thirty waiting for lowery to kick off so
he can wear the big cape.driving a batmobile
that looks like it rolled off honest al 's used car lot at below sticker price -- the dynamic duo do not put a lot of effort into hiding the fact
that it is bruce wayne 's car they are driving -- in fact it is noted by several character throughout the serial.the acting is wooden -- the set are cheap --
the dialogue is horrendous
and if there was even a script
they were following i am sure it read along the line of `` batman says something here ''
because it certainly seems like they are making it up
as it goes along.batman 's utility belt is made out of thin faic with no apparent pouch to hold his gadget
-- in one scene
when batman needs a full size blow torch the producer just tuck one in as the scene starts --
never to be seen again .
his cowl is so bad
he can not even see out of it and his ears look more like flopsy mopsy the disgruntled easter rabbit
than they do anything batlike.in one scene
( i am not making this up ) ,
batman substitutes counterfiet radioactive money
that will burst into flame the second
it is exposed to air as a payoff to some hood .
it is radioactive so
he can trace it
-- the reason
it is so highly flammable
is not explained .
well 
unfortunately the thug open the package in a cardboard warehouse
-- we know
it is a cardboard warehouse
because batman sneak in and push these box
that look to weigh about six ounce on the hood to knock them out
--
and soon the whole place burn to the ground .
thank batman ! in another scene
after the batmobile is disabled ,
batman flag down a passing motorist in the middle of nowhere and takes his car
-- leaving the man to fend for himself
and telling him not to worry
because if batman smashes up the car the police will surely buy him another one !
yes 
you guessed it ,
said
car careen off a cliff within a few short second .
not that it matters much to the motorist
who has probably died from exposure
trying to hoof his way back to gotham city.there
is a tired subplot with lois lane clone vicki vale
who is convinced bruce wayne is batman
-- she must have noticed the batmobile parked outside of bruce 's house --
or maybe
she saw batman and robin running up the walk in the clearly densely populated suburban neighborhood.everything about this serial is bad --
and all but the youngest in the audience will want to hurl toast at the screen .
if you are looking for bad cinema
you could not hit a better mark
-- if you want entertainment ,
try the burton batman film 
the adam west batman tv series or the earlier lewis wilson batman serial .
