i would like to start off
by saying
that i am not an anime fan
( with a few notable exception ) ,
and i generally have a low opinion of so-called otakus ,
as they are so in love with their particular and of cartooning
that they label every movie starring spiky-haired 
big-eyed character as a work of art
without even considering other more vital factor 
such as the plot .
and no anime movie better represents this division between otakus and person with actual taste than this elegant piece of trash 
fatal fury :
the motion picture .
as seen through the glassy 
witless eye of an otaku ,
there is little to find fault with in fatal fury
-- there is plenty of quirky japanese-y humor 
one-on-one duel 
some `` dramatic '' moment ,
and everything is beautifully drawn .
but everyone else will be turned off by the cliched 
predictable plot with cliched 
predictable character 
culminating in a cliched 
predictable ending .
the love scene are hilariously overblown
-- the scene
in which sulia `` heal '' terry is obviously intended to be a tender moment ,
but it is virtually impossible to not be thrown into spiral of giddy laughter by the sheer ludicrousness of it .
and of course 
fatal fury is not without the obligatory cartoon tanda
-- this is supplied gratuitously by the huge-easted mai shiranui .
and since fatal fury is based off the video game series of the same name
( oh boy ) ,
we are treated to numerous pointless cameo appearance by popular character with little or no relevance to the plot whatsoever
( they go through all the trouble of introducing kim early on ,
only for him to disappear from the movie totally after that point ) .
this mess of a movie reaches its climax with the unintentionally farcical final battle ,
in which all the main character engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn .
that is some thing
that is always amused me ...
even when battle in anime are not taking place in a tournament ,
they always happen
as if they were ,
regardless of the fact
that it makes no sense whatsoever !
otakus always rave about how anime movie should be treated as movie
as opposed to merely cartoon ,
and a disturbing portion of those same person love fatal fury .
so would fatal fury have been good
if it was not an anime ?
the answer is an emphatic `` no ''
-- all of this movie 's charm ,
what little of it there is ,
reside in the actual drawing .
had fatal fury
not been an anime ,
it would have been worthy of an episode of mystery science theater 3000 ,
if the show was still on the air .
that is the key
-- this is nothing more than a laughably bad b-movie in the guise of an anime epic .
if you are a fan of movie so bad
that they are actually entertaining ,
consider renting fatal fury
( or catch it on the sci-fi channel ) ,
as it is definitely one of those .
if you are an otaku ,
please wake up
and realize
that a good 90 % of the stuff you are watching
is garbage .
as for everyone else ,
buy a dreamcast and fatal fury :
mark of the wolf ,
but do not even consider seeing this movie .
