after hitting the viewer with three very different episode right off the bat ,
serling continued to go about introducing viewer to 'the twilight zone ' in a very strange way
by scheduling one the series biggest grower as the fourth episode .
'the sixteen-millimeter shrine ' is one of the more understated episode ,
focusing on an aging movie star 's inability to cope with the changing time
and only introducing a supernatural element in the closing minute .
because of this approach ,
the episode is under whelming at first
but subsequent viewing reveal it to be a thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story.both the lead 
ida lupino as barbara jean trent and martin balsam as her frustrated but caring agent 
shine in their performance .
the main problem with the episode is that the supposedly 25 year old footage of the actress is unconvincing .
lupino looks identical
when playing the young trent
as she does
when playing the middle aged trent and this diminishes the tragedy of the situation significan notly .
fortunately 
lupino acts her sock off in convincing us of her desperation to return to the past .
it is a situation most can sympathise with ,
and yet trent is far from a sympathetic character .
she is a prima-donna
who gives little thought to the feeling of those around her 
such as the disastrously withered co-star
who she tactlessly belittles
because he reminds her of just how long ago her glory day were .
it is somewhat surprising 
then ,
that she is rewarded with a happy ending .
it is clear what is going to happen from the moment
we see the huge projection screen
and it is cleverly pre-empted in the opening moment
when trent scares her maid by stepping out from behind the screen .
what is not clear at the beginning 
however 
is whether being sucked into the projector will prove a reward or a harsh lesson in appreciating what we have and living in the moment .
as it turns out ,
trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for 
a testament
to how strong the wishful thinking of human can be .
'the sixteen-millimeter shrine ' gets better with each viewing .
the top notch writing and acting combine to create a short play of enormous power
which reflects the nature of human to long for the past ,
even though we can never return .
except in the twilight zone .
