most horror movie are in fact horrible movie .
they get to be same ol'-same ol ' .
same ol ' pack every minute with some cheap thrill
( usually 'splatter ' )
and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effect .
one of the goal of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience .
for instance 
i saw both of the recent mummy movie
and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effect every second .
it probably costs a million dollar per second
to make those movie
and my sense of disbelief was never suspended ,
it grew roots.subtlety can be more terrifying .
less is more .
i first saw 'the woman in black ' on the aande channel .
after flipping through the usual 987 channel of very bad television i stopped to watch it .
this movie almost has the feel of a 'masterpiece theater ' production .
that was fine with me ,
i have always preferred british tv and movie anyway.most viewer would find this to be too slowly paced .
but the slow pacing helps give the story credibility .
the special effect are few
which lulls the viewer into thinking
that this film is set in the real world
thus making us a bit more uneasy .
the makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable .
hollywood would have made her look like a she demon from hell with glowing eyes-fangs-claws etc .
hollywood would have done an overkill
and turned this idea into a mediocrity.the woman
only makes about five appearance in the film .
most of them are where she appears in the distance
and even that creates a good fright .
if she appeared too often ,
it could have cheapened the mood
that gets set .
however this movie is so well made
that through much of the film we are led into sensing
that she is there the whole time but not visible .
the scene
where she 'visits ' arthur kidd late at night
and we see her just a little too close is a masterpiece in horror.this
is just an extraordinary film
that
i think
should rate as one the finest horror film ever made .
i have a copy of 'the haunting ' 
'the changling ' and a zillion more .
i have not seen anything
that tops 'the woman in black ' yet although i am still looking .
this movie is so well made
that it gives even the most hardened skeptic
( like me )
a moment
where i almost had second thought about the non-existence of ghost .
i joke to person
that i occasionally get ief fear
that she could appear standing in the middle of the road
or that i would see her staring through my window 
etc .
maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall glaring at me with her look of hate .
this is how a really great horror film should be .
like a lafanu novel 
the woman in black very slowly pulls you
in and wraps herself around your neck
and
before you realize it ,
she is squeezing the life out of you
and then it is too late.closest thing i have to a criticism is that this was made for the small screen ...
and it is a terrible shame
that this is out of print .
i just paid over $ 40 for my second copy of this movie .
it is a major prize in my collection .
now i am on a quest
to find an even better horror movie
that not only gives the chill
but also qualifies a sound drama .
