a singularly unfunny musical comedy
that artificially tries to marry the then-cutting edge rock 'n ' roll explosion with the middle-class sensibility of a suburban sitcom .
the result is a jarringly dated mish-mash
that will satisfy none of the audience
that went for the music ,
but will at least keep their parent sated.a quick glance at the promo write-up on the back of the video release should give some idea of the content .
tom ewell is a drunken agent ,
overplayed with so little comic ability
you almost expect him to bellow `` hi honey ,
i am home ! ''
the blurb sites him as `` so funny in 'the 7 year itch ' '' .
it sounds almost like an excuse .
what other film would sell itself on the fact
that a leading player was good in something else ?
it reads like `` so funny in 'the 7 year itch ' ...
but he is rubbish in this '' .mansfield 
a beautiful girl with rumoured 50-inch asset 
is 
unfortunately 
a bargain basemant monroe with all the acting ability and comic timing of a rotting haddock .
her wooden delivery
combined with ewell 's ott double-take
make this a comedy partnership from hell .
for her part 
the sell gives us :
`` [ jayne mansfield ]
whose more obvious talent
are the cause of many of the film 's biggest laughs ! ''
as you can see ,
a movie
sold on the idea
that
it is lead has a big chest
is not the most sophisticated of thing .
most of this `` humour '' is man literally falling over themselves 
their glass cracking upon site of mansfield 
etc .
only the freudian nightmare of a milk bottle overflowing cast doubt upon its `` u '' certificate.for the musical side ,
the most adenine of player are chosen .
would you really care to see eddie fontaine offer :
`` i love your eye 
i love your lip ,
they taste even better than potato chip '' in a song
called `` cool it 
baby '' ?
only the incendiary little richard eaks out of the mor ,
though is forced to sing some of his more dad-friendly song in a four-minute sequence .
and how come all the act sing
without a single microphone ?
attempted satire on the industry are oad and childlike in their conception.technically ,
the picture was quite advanced 
with special effect
( including a ghost-like julie london )
and deluxe color
( which now looks flat and artificial .
in fact 
with its red
that bleed and fake-looking flesh tone ,
it resembles a colorised movie ) .
direction 
though 
is not outstanding ,
and the sound quality is also quite poor.perhaps
it comes down
to it being so old .
a time
when man still smoked on screen ,
sickeningly cute child actor made adult remark
and black servant only got to cook and dance .
( all of which happen here ) .
yet some like it hot 
the african queen 
ben hur and many 
many more stand as example of film from the period
that can still be enjoyed today ,
so the `` good at the time '' argumant does not really stand up .
at its heart the girl can not help it is a cynical and patronising venture
that does not bear close inspection .
4/10 .
