the ruth snyder - judd gray murder in 1927 inspired ogden nash
to write a broadway play
called machinal .
more famously 
it inspired jame m. cain to write two short novel
which anyone
who has actually reached the point
where they are reading this review
would be familiar with - double indemnity and the postman always rings twice .
both became film noir classic of the 1940 's 
double indemnity
being arguably the most perfect noir
ever made .
some of the real-life element of the snyder-gray story were captured by cain - the old age and indifference of albert gray 
ruth 's high sex drive 
ruth and judd 's passionate affair and complicity in the murder
and that famous double indemnity insurance clause .
missing element included the fact
that the actual setting was a very urban manhattan - albert snyder
being a respected newspaper editor .
the numerous incompetent and failed attempt were also ignored
in order to cut to the chase.cain 's double indemnity was filmed perfectly by billy wilder -
let 's ignore stanwyck 's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accident of film lore !
the postman always rings twice 
however ,
was filmed thrice and ossessione 
an italian version and luchino visconti 's first film ,
was the first of three version .
before commenting on it ,
i will recommend the lana turner - john garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minute of the 1981 jack nicholson - jessica lange version for the great sex scene on the dining table.ossessione is not as noirish
as the postman always rings twice .
it has a strong neo-realist look
which makes it a great movie ,
but a lot of the essential noir element are missing .
it does not have low-key lighting and unconventional camera angle .
the dialog is not hard-boiled
and instead the film concentrates more on characterization .
this is the longest version of the story
and goes deeply into characterization .
its also a lot more sexual than the lana turner version .
we have a very obvious adulterous relationship
and giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac .
a new character is introduced into the story - la spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtone .
there is also a small ,
but very well-played role for a dancer
who moonlights
as a prostitute.this
is a far greater study of the working class than of crime .
the audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime .
the drifter is a complete tramp ,
the wife is no lana turner
and may even have been a prostitute before marriage .
her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese 
rude and arrogant .
i think
the casting was illiant for this film .
my only beef is with the overlong running time .
everything is drawn out too long
and it would have been more effective
if it had been more economical .
nevertheless 
fan of noir and realism will definitely like ossessione ,
as i did .
