this is a very engrossing bbc-tv mini-series
which is loosely based upon a mysterious disappearance of a young mother ,
but the series is really more of a study of the assorted character in the story ,
which lasts for five hour .
it is thus very much an ensemble piece ,
where the wide variety of illiant british actor and actress can show off their talent .
the actual character portrayed are really 'the kind of person
one does not normally meet ' 
person so boring and nondescript
that it is difficult to admire them .
for instance 
the lead character is a young husband
( the one whose wife disappears )
who has no job and no apparent interest
in finding any .
he lives off handout from his parents-in-law .
he was once in the army
but does not appear to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any interest in life apart from doting on his small family .
he is played by david oyelowo ,
who is illiant at the part ,
coming across as a totally sympathetic person 
although his only activity for five hour are loving and grieving ,
which he does superbly ,
so that one wants to comfort him ,
as he is so obviously a nice guy .
the standout performance of the whole series is unquestionably penelope wilton ,
who acts circle round everyone else in the story .
she is simply incredible .
she portrays a very unsympathetic woman ,
indeed the only character in the story
who is all too familiar to everyone 
namely an irrational 
hysterical 
self-centred 
dense 
querulous 
blindly loving and blindly hating 
elderly idiot-woman .
ala 
ala 
we know them too well .
wilton is one of britain 's finest actress
( see my review of her in 'half broken thing ' ) .
she takes a character
who could have been two-dimensional and makes her four-dimensional .
she is wonderfully supported by old pro patrick malahide ,
who plays her exasperated husband ,
and the pair of them set a high standard indeed for all the younger player .
janet mcteer 
a spectacular actress when younger 
has become a much less sympathetic type of person
now
that she is older ,
has coarsened in some way ,
and puts one off ,
but she redeems herself in the latter stage of the story
by showing
how illiant an actress
she can be
when she has a chance
by pulling off one of the most convincing and original drunk scene i
have ever seen on film .
the big surprise is the enigmatic character sarah ,
played with great depth and originality by actress sarah smart .
she takes a character
who could have been insufferably tedious
and by sheer acting magic turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person ,
about whom we wonder tirelessly for the entire five hour .
she is so good at it
that we end up wondering about sarah smart 
frankly .
i guess
that is what happens
when you really do your job properly ,
that person wonder where the character ends and the actress begins ,
if she knows herself ,
that is ,
and many do not .
she has some deeply unnerving trick with her eye ,
which wobble
and let us know
she is unhinged ,
but we are not sure how or why ,
though we eventually learn
that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood .
her mastery of ambiguous facial expression is extraordinary .
rory kinnear is amazingly convincing as an apparently hopeless fellow
who lives with his mum
and is not up to much ,
but who turns out to have hidden depth .
( i suppose most person have hidden depth ,
but do we want to plumb them ,
that is the question . )
his mum is played very well indeed by margot leicester .
a superb performance is given by lucinda dryzek ,
who plays a snotty ,
revolting teenage girl of the sort
we all dread to meet ,
but who at crucial moment collapses in helpless tear
and turns out to be pathetic ,
with all her arrogance just a pose .
three other child are also very good 
lucinda 's friend 
and her younger half-other and half-sister .
the younger sibling may be very dim indeed as character in the story
( they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate ,
being hopeless witness to the disappearance ) ,
with little to recommend them but their sweet nature ,
but that is conveyed to wonderful effect by lee massey as the boy and tyler anthony as the girl .
harriet walter has a small role ,
but we do not get to see much of her ,
which is a shame ,
as she is such a fine actress
that she was wasted here .
one could go on ,
but one must draw a line somewhere .
the series manages to be strangely fascinating
because of the depth of portrayal of all these essentially uninteresting person caught up in a web of intense anxiety and suspense .
