its taken a few viewing for me to really wrap myself around this one ,
but for me tear of kali is one of the horror highlight of the 00 's and as far as independent horror goes a veritable masterpiece .
an anthology horror 
it takes on the story of the fictional taylor-eriksson group 
a cult of sort
based in india
whose member set out in search of ultimate self knowledge and healing of the psyche 
with unpleasant result
that echo down the year .
with bookend segment set in india the film is made chiefly of three story set in germany 
illustrating the aftermath of the work of the taylor-eriksson group 
with some pretty nasty gore at time .
its an interesting set up as these thing go ,
but what sets this film apart is the way
the imagery is so carefully set up
to develop the film horror .
bad thing have been unleashed
and the general course of the film is a look
at how the quest for self knowledge and ultimate therapy ings horror to patient 
healer and other and the film is loaded with smart visual clue to the power of the dark force
with which it deals ,
dark force unbound by time 
place or even personality .
good example of this are found in the first story especially ,
dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady in a mental hospital .
previous to this story
we have seen lar eriksson and notably his wonky
( lazy ? )
eye 
we also see him healing or at least comforting a patient .
the lady mental patient of the first story is seen in the same stance as eriksson healing a fellow patient ,
also as she wraps up the canvas from the art class
that she runs among her fellow patient one of their picture is seen 
a face with lazy eye like eriksson .
there are also reference to folk in minuscule role 
extra and walk on having extra sensory perception
of what is going on in the film ,
showing the badness
that has been unleashed spreading
and able to almost infect other .
there is more to the film philosophically than just evil within ,
it is a film about death ,
suffering and possible redemption too all bound in a structure derived from hindu belief in a fashion
that seems like it might just be exploitation
but has more relation to actual belief than one might expect
( at least from the research
that i did on wikipedia ) .
writer/director andreas marschall definitely deserves some significan not credit for his skill in contructing the film .
as well
as being thoughtful ,
the film is pretty chilling too ,
the soundtrack of bharti india and panama john has a great eerie piano jingle
and there are a couple of notable performance 
michael balaun as a sinister doctor and cora chilcot as a freaky patient especially good .
the third story also has a fine turn from veteran mathieu carri\u00e8re as a faith healer .
the biggest problem of the film is that it is not that
involving a lot of the time
so potential for fear is lost
but these and a couple of other performance achieve involvement pretty well .
so 
the film is not quite as gripping
as it might be ,
the acting occasionally off and the pacing too ,
but mostly i thought
it was pretty great 
if a shade short of its possible illiance .
well worth a look for adventurous horror fan i think .
