yep 
you read that right 
kid .
michael bay should have studied this film
before making either of his over hyped 
overlong 
overly pointless `` transformer '' movie .
`` robot jox '' is better than both of them
and it probably cost less than the `` transformer '' crew
spent on megan fox 's personal trainer.thankfully 
this little robotic gem ,
initially known mainly for being the film
that bankrupted charle and albert band 's empire picture studio 
seems to have developed a cult following over the year .
i fondly remember
watching it on vhs during its initial video release in the early 90s
and though some of the cold war-era politics/stereotype were already out of date by that time
( just the band ' luck
that communism would fall
while the film was sitting on a shelf waiting
to be released 
eh ?
) 
it is still a pretty damn cool little b-movie .
they really do not make'em like this anymore ,
or if they do ,
they go the bay route and cgi thing to unbearable proportions.for those
who are unfamiliar ,
here is the robo-scoop :
we are somewhere in the future
and after a nuclear holocaust 
large scale `` war '' have been outlawed .
dispute between nation are now settled mano-a-mano
( or perhaps that should be machine-o-machine-o )
by one representative from each side
battling each other in giant sized shogun warrior style robot .
whichever 'bot walk away from the fight wins for `` his '' side .
gary graham
( who would later go on to play detective syke in the `` alien nation '' tv series ) ,
plays `` achille 
'' the greatest robot jock in marketplace
( a.k.a .
the good guy )
history .
achille has been undefeated in his previous nine robot bout
( ten being the maximum number of battle before a `` jock '' is retired )
and at the beginning of the film he faces off against his counterpart from the `` confederation ''
( i.e .
the russky !
) 
the psychotic alexander
( who is the most over the top `` evil russian '' stereotype bad guy
since dolph lundgren 's infamous turn as ivan drago in `` rocky iv '' ) .
the match is called a draw
when alexander violates the rule with an illegal robot move at the last minute
and ends up not only embarrassing achille ,
but killing a whole bunch of spectator in the bargain .
a rematch is scheduled to complete the bout ,
but achille simply wants to bow out ,
hang up his helmet and move on with his life .
rather than violate the spoiler rule
by revealing much more ,
i will simply say
that there are a great deal of twist and turn 
behind the scene skullduggery 
and other difficulty for achille and his fellow `` jox '' before the two robotic titan clash finally once again in the finale.i hope i am
not making this movie out to be some sort of masterpiece of science fiction ,
because it is not .
`` robot jox '' is just plain fun .
i will grant
that it is a bit higher-concept than your average b-grade sci-fi movie ,
and
though the budgetary constraint do occasionally make themselves
known
( especially in the scene
involving some painfully obvious green-screen trickery ) ,
it is still the best looking movie ever
to come out of the empire/full moon picture factory .
the robot fight scene are very well
done using old school
stop motion/model technique ,
and the set and costume do not look half-assed in the slightest .
empire picture and director stuart
( `` re-animator '' )
gordon were definitely shooting for the star with this picture .
unfortunately it did not quite pan out for them
( or the studio )
but at least we got one heckuva cool little movie out of the deal .
bottom line :
if you want to be aurally and visually assaulted for 2+ hour ,
feel free to rent a `` transformer '' movie .
by the end you are likely to feel
like you have spent all
that time watching someone else play a video game .
if you want to have a rock'em 
sock'em robot good time ,
pick up robot jox instead .
