may contain minor spoilers.dressed
to kill ,
having just seen it for the first time the other day ,
is a movie with some terrific sequence 
some decent performance 
and a nice 
though obvious hitchcock ripoff 
plot twist at the end .
it is just too bad certain thing 
quite obvious ,
prevent it from being a classic.dressed
to kill deal with a mystery of a killer
who has slain at least two woman
( could have been more
but the movie never tells us ) ,
and the search for the killer by three person :
a ainy kid whose mom was a victim 
a lively hooker
whose the only one
who can identify the killer ,
and a psychiatrist whose patient was the slained ainy kid 's mother .
there are a host of well done performance
including nancy allen as the hooker liz 
angie dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim kate miller 
and micheal caine as doctor rober elliot
whose has more hidden than meets the eye ;
though by no standard is anyone really outstanding .
on the other hand denis franz ,
later to be a great character along the same line on the hit show nypd blue ,
is embarrassing as an over-exaggerated 
ruthless 
hateful detective ,
though he takes little screen time
so it does not hurt the movie
that much .
keith gordon 
the ain child 
is decent ,
but is almost too smart to really be believable.what stick with me the most in the film are the tense sequence .
the scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is gripping and well done ,
as is the later sequence leading to her untimely death .
i also love the sequence at the doctor 's office ,
that reveals the identity of the killer ,
which really makes the whole film come
together at once .
and there is a split screen scene
that
i thought was almost classic .
still there is another situation
when liz is on a train ,
running from what may be the killer ,
that gets taken in direction
it should never had with almost embarrassing racial stereotype .
as a thriller it is tense and quite often believable .
as a crime drama
it often falters ,
especially with the incomplete 
ridiculous explanation of everything
that happened in the end .
there is also a needless ,
and way too long 
dream sequence at the end ,
in which they had the audacity
to shoot someone 's foot for what seemed minute at a time .
this was an up and down experience ;
one scene would catch me by the heart and mind with enticement ,
and the next would make me squirm and ask why .
at more than 100 minute this could have been under 90
and been a better
film.scary movie fan should like this .
it still stands as a better film than most of today 's slasher flick .
maybe it was a better film
in it is time ,
but having just seen
it recently i can say
i enjoy it ,
and it is worth watching for my three favorite scene alone .
