spoiler alerthomeward bound :
the incredible journey is an important film from my life
because it is the first film i remember
seeing in the cinema of my home town as a 4-year old scamp .
the story is based on the sheila burnford novel ,
and is a reason
why it is not possible to write this one off as a ainless lassie clone.the basic story :
two dog and a cat happily live in the seaver family
when the new husband to the mother of the three child ,
gets a job in the city
and they have to temporarily move into inner san francisco
while the animal are sent to a ranch
to live for a couple of month .
the bond between the animal and the child
they watch out for are especially strong ,
and shadow the golden retriever and sassy the himalayan cat are heartoken
as the child are ,
though the young and happy-go-lucky american bulldog
known as chance is a little less concerned and somewhat cynical
( due in part to his voice-over explaining his being abandoned as a pup ,
picked up to an animal shelter ,
and being bought by the family ) ,
though his growth as a character during the story provides much of the important storytelling.the three pet escape the ranch and head off into the wide and dangerous wilderness
( fantastic wilderness setting by the way ) ,
driven on by shadow 's instinct of direction .
they meet several peril along the way ,
hoping to make it home ,
while the family and the ranch host are suddenly concerned about the animal disappearance .
there are funny moment all the way through 
great dialogue between the three animal and hilarious line
( see - memorable quote ) ,
and a touching comradeship
that grows between the main character during the course of the storytelling ,
punctuated by moment of sadness
( such as when sassy 's arrogance of trying to cross a river
without getting wet causes her to fall in the river
and get washed down a waterfall ,
leaves a moment of loss
that is felt deeply by the viewer )
.somehow though 
i fail to see what the inclusion of saving the girl lost in the wilderness adds to the story and the journey
they take .
somehow 
it seems a little unnecessary as part of the story.the ending crank the stake higher
when shadow falls into a pit in a trainyard
and having hurt his leg ,
finds it hard to get out
and gives up 
exhausted ,
followed by chance
climbing in with him
to persuade him to climb out ,
telling him how important he is to him
and how he is pushed them this far so
he should not throw it all away so easily .
the way
that this scene
( illiantly done )
is not concluded leaves an ambiguity
that carries on into the final scene
when chance and sassy return home ,
but shadow is nowhere to be seen .
then just as all seems lost ,
he slowly appears ,
and is reunited with the family .
chance 's conclusion at the end speaks of the comradeship
that has developed between he and his fellow on the journey ,
and the realisation to what home really is from his long journey
to get there ,
leaves a fine epilogue
to demonstrate
how much his character has grown ,
but also how the other two have as well .
hang on a second ,
i think
i am going to cry ... anyway ,
i have not read sheila burnford 's book ,
so i do not pretend to know where the difference between book and film lie .
but this is a film
that all the family can watch ,
and
while the tot will love the talking animal ,
older viewer will understand the plot line better
( as i found
when i watched the film again after several year
without seeing it ) .
this film is a masterpiece in cinema ,
and i suggest
that
if you have not seen
it you go out
and get it !
and please avoid the sequel
( see my review for homeward bound ii ! )
