moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorise .
it is easiest to think of it as several snapshot of the life of the two central character .
the fact
that these character are member of a street gang set in an multicultural city of the near future
and that one of them is a vampire does not preclude them from having moment like any other person ,
and this is one of the place
where this movie is different to anything
else
i have ever heard of .
it does not get wrapped up in the fact
that one of the main character is a vampire ,
it is just something
that has to be dealt with like any other problem .
the way
the character interact is surprisingly realistic- there are embarrassing relative and trick
that are meant to look cool
that just do not work ,
which leaves the film with a lovely sense
of not taking itself too seriously for the most part.the other area
that really stood out to me is the language .
the fictional city of mallepa contain various cultural group ,
and character speak the language
that they would be expected to speak .
japanese gang member speak japanese to each other 
but chinese
when talking to character of chinese descent .
possibly the most amusing exchange involves an australian
and is conducted in english .
the actor of the four arguably main character have three separate mother tongue between them and speak varying level of each other ' language ,
so it is quite a feat
that the movie was made at all .
which 
i suppose 
ings me to the lead actor.much has been made of the fact
that the movie stars two of japan 's biggest rockstar 
gackt and hyde 
as well as taiwanese superstar lee-hom wang 
whether it is to praise them for their acting or criticise it or simply fangirl about them .
in my opinion 
lee-hom is the best at playing a straight and realistic character .
however 
any lack of acting ability on gackt 's part is mostly masked by the fact
that the character he plays
is prone to being over-dramatic .
i was not sure
if hyde 's character was supposed to be as sulky and sarcastic
as he came across ,
but it does not really detract from the movie
either way.there are several scene
which take rather melodramatic turn ,
which made it difficult for them to affect me much emotionally
( although this does not seem to stop a lot of person ) .
i found
it is best to just enjoy the movie for what it is and not take it too seriously-
it is perfect for getting out and watching with a group of friend .
it does have its flaw ,
but overall it was very enjoyable and i would highly recommend it to anyone
who does not mind a few subtitle .
