as always 
controversial movie like this have mixed review .
you either love it or you hate it ,
and not everyone will like this movie .
this shows the perspective of the killer ,
which is something
i personally feel
is something important to consider .
you may hate them ,
you may claim to understand them and feel
as though you can relate ,
but regardless this movie will make you think
about school
shooting from a different perspective.the movie
is shot entirely using a hand-held camera 
something
that i think
works quite well
as it makes it more realistic .
it is told completely from the killer point of view 
from their `` mission '' to family outing ,
all leading up the big day `` zero day ''
in which they are planning on a massacre at their school .
zero day does not offer answer ,
but merely presents a glimpse at the life of two troubled young boy
and lets the audience decide for themselves .
our feeling towards the boy are something mixed between sympathy and hatred ,
but yet we are left confused
as to why two ordinary young boy would do such a thing .
they are shown to be surprisingly normal 
typical teenage boy leading ordinary life ,
and if we did not know
what they were planning
we would not expect a thing
( they make it clear throughout the whole movie
that no-one else know about their plan )
the acting is extremely good
considering the two actor
are complete unknown .
we can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future .
despite how this is a fictionalized movie ,
one can not help but notice the obvious similarity to columbine .
calvin and andre are scarily similar to eric harris and dylan klebold ,
( not so much in look ,
but in manner )
as someone
who has researched columbine very extensively ,
i could see the similarity
and it is almost certainly based on it .
the actual massacre is shown through surveillance camera at the school
and is one of the most chilling thing
i have ever seen .
i was completely in shock
after seeing it ,
and its a feeling that stays around for a while .
it is very realistic and well-done ,
and it is very difficult to watch.all in all zero day is an excellent movie ,
and i think
everyone should at least check it out .
in the past 
we have always simply anded killer `` psychopath ''
and assumed
that either they were biologically wired for disaster or had medium influence ,
but as zero day shows sometimes the motive are deeper than that ,
and we can never truly understand
why tragedy such as school shooting happen
until we have seen it from the perspective of the killer .
