although it really is not such a terribly movie
( especially considering
it was made directly for tv-distribution ) ,
it will be very difficult to point out one aspect in `` bloodsucker ''
that is actually original or refreshing .
vampire in space is not exactly a new formula ,
and
even after so many movie dealing with these monster in this particular setting ,
still no one seems to realize
it is an incredibly stupid premise
that can not possibly result in a halfway decent horror movie .
`` bloodsucker '' even goes one step further and shamelessly imitate every imaginable motion picture
that either revolf on vampire and intergalactic warfare .
the plot and character are mainly stolen directly from john carpenter 's `` ghost of mar '' and james cameron 's `` alien '' ,
as a crew of futuristic vampire hunter are crusading through space
and regularly holding to eliminate a mutated species
that peculiarly named themselves after notorious horror icon 
like the voorhee and the leatherface .
the good guy are a bunch of pathetic stereotype ,
constantly dealing with clich\u00e9d issue
and endlessly arguing about dreadfully unimportant matter .
captain damian is the unpopular rookie ,
who 'll really have to prove his leadership capability now
after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous
( and far more loved ) captain churchill .
the other annoying character include a typical cowboy-style and trigger happy macho pilot 
a tough female warrior with more ball than any of the male on board
( she is of asian descent ,
like the girl in `` alien '' was latino )
and the army 's most valuable secret weapon :
a blade-girl !
quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire
who chose the side of human .
she can spot enemy
when they are still light-years away
and she can also do wickedly sexy thing with someone 's wet dream .
they eventually all learn to work as a team
when forced to face the ultimate vampire-meanie :
michael ironside
( in yet another downgrading role ) .
`` bloodsucker '' is an irredeemably stupid film ,
but it manages to entertain as long
as it features gory killing 
infantile dialog and ott make-up effect .
it only gets intolerably boring
when the frustrated soldier blame the captain for the umpteenth time and bla bla bla .
this film is a non-stop series of lame clich\u00e9s and uncreative idea ,
but at least it is watchable .
