the film starts with a manager
( nichola bell )
giving welcome investor
( robert carradine )
to primal park .
a secret project mutating a primal animal
using fossilized dna 
like \u00a8jurassik park\u00a8 ,
and some scientist resurrect one of nature 's most fearsome predator 
the saetooth tiger or smilodon .
scientific ambition turns deadly 
however ,
and when the high voltage fence is opened the creature escape
and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human visitor 
tourist and scientific.meanwhile some youngster enter in the restricted area of the security center
and are attacked by a pack of large pre-historical animal
which are deadlier and bigger .
in addition 
a security agent
( stacy haiduk )
and her mate
( brian wimmer )
fight hardly against the carnivorous smilodon .
the saetooth 
themselves 
of course 
are the real star star
and they are astounding terrifyingly though not convincing .
the giant animal savagely are stalking its prey and the group run afoul
and fight against one nature 's most fearsome predator .
furthermore a third saetooth more dangerous and slow stalk its victims.the movie delivers the good with lot of blood and gore as beheading 
hair-raising chill 
full of scare
when the saetooth appear with mediocre special effects.the story provides exciting and stirring entertainment
but it result to be quite boring .the giant animal
are majority
made by computer generator
and seem totally lousy .middling performance
though the player reacting appropriately to becoming food.actor
give vigorously physical performance dodging the beast 
running 
bound and leap or dangling over wall .
and it packs a ridiculous final deadly scene .
no for small kid by realistic 
gory and violent attack scene .
other film about saetooth or smilodon are the following :
\u00a8saetooth
( 2002 )
\u00a8by jame r hickox with vanessa angel 
david keith and john rhys davy and the much better \u00a810.000 bc
( 2006 )
\u00a8 by roland emmerich with with steven strait 
cliff curtis and camilla belle .
this motion picture
filled with bloody moment
is badly directed by george miller and with no originality
because takes too many element from previous film .
miller is an australian director
usually working for television
( tidal wave 
journey to the center of the earth 
and many other )
and occasionally for cinema
( the man from snowy river 
zeus and roxanne 
robinson crusoe ) .
rating :
below average 
bottom of barrel .
