red rock west is one of those tight noir thriller
we rarely see anymore .
it is well paced ,
well acted
and does not leave us with loose end or unanswered question so typical in this genre.nicolas cage star
as michael 
an unemployed texas roughneck 
desperate enough for a job
to drive all the way to wyoming for potential employment .
he is honest to a fault ,
but always on the dark side of fate.after failing
to obtain gainful employment 
michael stumble into the red rock bar
where the owner wayne
( j.t.walsh )
mistakes him for a contract killer
he summoned from dallas ,
hired to do in his lovely but lethal wife suzanne
( lara flynn boyle )
.wayne gives michael the necessary detail and a down payment for the hit on the adulterous suzie .
with no intent on following through 
michael accepts the money
and then sets out to warn suzanne of her impending demise .
he also mails a letter to the local sheriff
exposing the plot and splits.as fate would dictate ,
michael is not going to be rid of the situation that easy .
while leaving in a violent rainstorm ,
he runs down suzanne lover .
of course michael being michael ,
he takes him to the local hospital
where it is discovered
that he is also been shot.the sheriff is summoned
and as luck would have it ,
wayne is also the local law .
michael manages to escape
while being taken on that last ride
and is subsequently picked up by the real `` lyle from dallas ''
played with murderous glee by the quirky dennis hopper .
after discovering that they are fellow marine ,
lyle insist
that michael join him for a drink at 
where else 
the red rock bar .
there wayne realizes his mistake and soon he and lyle are in hot pursuit of michael
who falls willingly into suzanne waiting arms.as the pace picks up
we learn
that wayne and suzanne are really wanted armed robber 
on the lam for a multi million dollar theft .
getting the money
now becomes the films central focus with a series of betrayal 
double cross and murders.the film was very well cast .
nicolas cage was typically low key 
dennis hopper and lara flynn bolye assumed their respective role with more than ample ability .
the best performance was by the late j.t .
walsh who was menacing
without appearing to be .
walsh was a great character actor
who left us much too soon.marc reshoskys photography utilized many unique angle
which added to the suspense and plot development .
the film was further enhanced by john dahl 's tight directorial style and morris chestnut 's rapid fire editing .
