it is utterly pointless to rate this film .
it is as if you would condemn
( or praise )
the newly born for his future life .
instead look at it as a powerful meditation at what could have been
and what has been in the past 100+year .
one hundred and eight year of the cinematograpy :
what has become of the babe ?
i like to contemplate on what would have
( creatively )
happen
if europe was not interrupted
( devastated )
twice by the great war of the xxth century .
on her ruin the bogus neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus
named hollywood erected itself .
before 1914 french 
italian and scandinavian cinemas were leading the way both financially and of course creatively .
french film in particular was already threading some very original and creative pathway
that could have
( if not interrupted )
possibly altered the medium history in some unimaginable way .
one wonders what the film history would look like today
if it was not stultified
and choked by the mercan notile and cheap political agenda of the hollywood 's 80+ year of ,
what chekhov might define as the reek of greed and harlotry ... be it
as it might 
please at least become aware of la sortie as the key
( or at least one of them )
to the `` kingdom '' .
thus the birthplace of cinema :
lumiere brother factory 
lyon 
france the date :
march 19th 1895
( there is also a replica reel shoot in the summer of 1895
so if you notice summer light and the worker ' lighter clothing :
that was the version shown to the very first person
who ever saw the moving image .
*loui lumiere :
creative idea 
cinematography 
direction it was all louis ' own domain
because auguste took care of the rest
( money ) .
*first film reel were all fifty second long :
the camera
( =le cinematograph )
and the cameraman
( le cinematographer )
having only paltry fifty second
to make thing happen !
*apparently le institute lumiere has managed to preserve around 1500 of these first film executed mostly by an industrious igade of loumiere travelling cinematographer criss-crossing the globe .
***so 
all the star in starry heaven and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in human history
( so far ) .
