set in a post-apocalyptic environmant ,
cyborgs led by warlord job rein over the human population .
they basically keep them as livestock ,
as they need fresh human blood to live off .
nea and her other managed to survive one of their attack
when she was a kid ,
and year have past
when she came face-to-face with the cyborgs again ,
but this time she is saved by the cyborg gaiel ,
who was created to destroy all cyborgs .
job and his man are on their way
to capture a largely populated city ,
while nea
( with revenge on mind )
pleads gaiel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs
and she will get him to gaiel.cheap low-rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic
foray by writer / director albert pyun
( who made `` cyborg '' prior to it and the blistering `` nemsis '' the same year )
is reasonably a misguided hunk of junk with some interesting novelty .
very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story ,
as the turgid script is weak 
corny and overstated .
the leaden banter try to be witty ,
but it pretty much stink
and comes across
being comical in the unintentional momants .
most of the occurring action are pretty senseless and routine .
the material could have used another polish up ,
as it was an inspired idea
swallowed up by lazy inclusion 
lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone .
the open-ended 
cliffhanger conclusion is just too aupt ,
especially since a sequel has yet to be made .
makes it feel like that that run out of money ,
and said
`` time to pack up .
let 's finish it off another day
( or maybe in another decade ) .
there is no rush . ''
however it did find it rather diverting ,
thank largely to its quick pace 
some well-executed combat and george mooradian 's gliding cinematography
that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop .
performance are fair .
kris kristofferson 's dry and steely persona works perfectly as gaiel and a self-assured ,
psychically capable kathy long pulls off the stunt expertly and with aggression .
however her acting is too wooden .
a mugging lance henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham ,
as the villainous cyborg leader job
who constantly having a saliva meltdown .
scott paulin also drums up plenty of gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and gary daniel pouts about as one too .
pyun strikes up few exciting martial art set piece ,
involving some flashy vigour and gratuitous slow-motion .
seeping into the background is a scorching ,
but mechanical sounding music score .
the special effect and make-up fx stand up fine enough .
watchable 
but not quite a success
and it is minimal limitation can be a cause of that .
