recap :
something mysteriously dense
that transmits radio signal is discovered in the ice of antarctica .
the mysterious block is dug out
and ought to a research station on antarctica .
julian rome 
a former seti-worker 
is ought in to decipher the message .
problem is that one of the researcher is a old girlfriend of his ,
and the situation quickly turns awkward ,
especially since the other female researcher practically throw themselves at him .
and the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally quickly .
soon the object is in the open .
the mystery continues though as the object generates a huge amount of electricity .
it is decided to open the object ,
but just before that is done 
julian decodes the signal .
`` do not open '' .
but too late ,
and the object explode as it is finally eached ,
and two thing unleashed on earth .
the first is an alien ,
that had been dormant in the object ,
and the other is a virus
that instantly kills the research staff .
and washington ,
that is suspiciously updated on this historic event ,
decides
that those thing can not be unleashed upon the earth .
so a russian nuclear submarine ,
carrying nuclear weapon is sent to antarctica.comment :
the movie holds a few surprise .
one is carl lewi
who surprisingly puts in a good acting performance ,
and the other is that the special effect
that are beautiful ,
well worked through and a lot better
than expected .
unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprise of its own ,
and this time not in a good way .
actually it is so full of plot hole
that sometimes the movie seem to consist of almost randomly connected scene .
it is never really explained
why washington know so much ,
why washington is able to command russian submarine ,
why the object is in the antarctic
and has woken up now .
it is really puzzling
that the alien pod is transmitting in understandable english .
some might want to explain this with that the alien had been to earth
before and knew the language
( and obviously chose english 
why ? ) .
but then it is very confusing why the nice alien
that apparently want to save the earth from the virus ,
send their `` do not open '' message encoded !
and finally the end is as open
as an end can be.the movie is a little entertaining but too much energy
( from me )
must be diverted
to fill in the void in the plot .
therefore the total impression of the movie is not too good.3/10
