i had numerous problem with this film.it contains some basic factual information
concerning quantum mechanic ,
which is fine .
although quantum physic has been around for over 50 year 
the film presents this information in a grandiose way
that seems to be saying :
`` are not you just blown away by this ! ''
well 
not really .
these are not earth shattering revelation anymore .
at any rate 
i was already familiar with quantum theory ,
and the fact
that particle have to be described by wave equation 
etc .
is not new.the main problem i have with this movie 
however ,
is the way
these person use quantum theory as a way
of providing a scientific basis for mysticism and spiritualism .
i do not have any serious problem with mysticism and spiritualism ,
but quantum mechanic does not really have anything to do with these thing ,
and it should be kept separate .
the person
they interviewed for this movie start with the idea of quantum theory
and then make the leap to say
that simply by thinking about something
you can alter the matter around you ,
hence we should think
positively so as to have a positive impact on the world
and make our life better .
the reasoning is completely ridiculous ,
and the conclusion do not logically follow from quantum theory .
for every so called `` expert ''
that they interviewed for this film ,
there are score of theoretically physicist
who would completely disagree .
they would point out 
quite rightly ,
that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not lend support to mystical notion about our spiritual connectedness.it disturbs me
that person are going to see this film
and completely eat it up
because it leaves them with a nice positive feeling .
the main thrust of the film is based on a total misinterpretation of quantum theory ,
and it is as bad in its reasoning as any attempt
to justify organized religion with similar pseudo-scientific arguments.avoid this film.oh yeah .
at one point 
one of the `` expert '' says
that
since throughout history most of the assumption person
have made about the world
turned out to be false ,
therefore the assumption
we currently hold about the world
are also likely to be false .
huh ?
that totally does not follow .
and even if it did ,
i do not see how that helps his argument .
i mean 
if his idea ever became common assumption
then i guess
we would have to assume
that they are false too ,
based on his own reasoning .
