this post may contain spoiler :
although it was 5 year after the series ended
and wb was currently working on justice league ,
this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video liary .
why ?
well ,
if mask of the phantasm compliment the first 70 episode of batman :
the animated series and subzero compliment the 15 episode of the adventure of batman and robin 
then mystery of the batwoman compliment the final 24 episode of the gotham knight version of batman .
kevin conroy once again delivers a voice over performance
that is nothing short of excellence and perfection .
i admit
i was a bit leery
when i heard about batwoman and all i could think
about were the old 50 's comic of batman .
but i was blown away by the batwoman character 
her look 
her costume
( which i assumed inspired bruce wayne
to create the costume on batman beyond )
and the fact
that this movie keeps you guessing
who batwoman is all the way through .
if you want to know
who batwoman is ,
then buy or rent the dvd .
barbara gordon makes a cameo appearance and i think
the writer were trying to hint
that bruce and barbara had something going on between them
like they did in batman beyond .
tim drake appears as robin ,
but his role is a small one and sadly ,
there is no sign of or mention of dick grayson alias nightwing ,
which leads me to believe
he has established himself in bludhaven
( his city in the comic )
.of the three suspect for batwoman ,
my favorite is kathy duquesne ,
who look an awful lot like halle berry .
kelly ripa did a great job as one of the other suspect .
when it comes to the villain ,
i am glad the penguin was one of them ,
but i did not like the fact
that they replaced paul william with david ogden stier .
pengy just did not sound right .
same thing goes for robin .
the new guy did okay ,
but just as i was starting to get used to matt valencia ,
they replaced him .
it is interesting to note that kevin michael richardson ,
who voices carlton duquesne
is now the voice of the joker in `` the batman '' series .
and we finally see what rupert thorne look like revamped since he did not show up in the gotham knight episode .
the late john vernon will be missed .
although i enjoyed henry silva as the voice of bane ,
if he had to be replaced ,
they got the right man in the form of hector elizondo .
i only wish
they could have used two face 
riddler 
or the scary new version of the scarecrow.the musical score
and especially the soft sounding intro were superb .
i wish
that was on a soundtrack and i especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented cherie in the iceberg lounge along with her song 
betcha neva .
while some feel
that this movie is weaker than the mask of the phantasm and subzero ,
i find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest ,
plus like i said earlier ,
it is a full length movie
based off the gotham knight version of batman ,
which
i think
gives a good balance .
i would at least recommend renting this dvd first
before buying it for those
who might be leery of this movie ,
but personally ,
it is well worth the purchase .
i give mystery of the batwoman a 9 .
