...
and not in a good way .
baseketball is a waste of film in all most every single way .
it is offensive to all the sense .
this does not necessarily bother me ,
i have seen plenty of bad movie 
really bad movie
before and will see them again .
baseketball though is a caliber film
where you regret wasting ninety minute of life
sitting through it .
the reason
baseketball offends me is that it stars trey parker and matt stone in a film
they did not write .
any respect i had for david zucker has long since depleted .
his recent spoof film are lazy mess
that look and feel
as if they were made by pre-pubescent boy snickering at penis joke .
`` airplane '' was a revolutionary and very funny comedy ,
watching baseketball you will be amazed to discover
that they were made by the same person.i have so much respect for trey parker and matt stone .
these man are the funniest and smartest comedian in mainstream entertainmant today .
their picture and south park episode are as relevant
as they are funny .
every joke even the fart joke have intelligence behind them .
it is easy to forget
that there is a mature way to approach immaturity .
i imagine baseketball was a major growing experience for them
because they hate the film for all the right reason .
it is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class .
parker and stone have essentially whored themselves out .
the film play like a 90 minute episode of family guy.parker and stone
have never been great actor .
they have been serviceable in their film .
i can not really find a way
to describe their performance in baseketball ,
other than the fact
that it feels
like
they are spoofing a spoof film spoofing a spoof film .
every line is delivered in such a silly winking way .
it is like they are trying to make fun of the worst of these type of picture and
yet they become them in the same way .
i am reminded of the south park episode `` how to eat with your butt ''
where cartman sits in a movie theater
watching a gross out comedy with no plot or plausibility except to gross out 
parker and stone use the same voice
they did in that scene for this entire picture .
really it is sad.and yet that is not my problem with baseketball .
my biggest gripe with the picture is that i sit there knowing
that parker and stone are knowingly
following this piece of crap script .
i know
that
if they took the damn thing and rewrote it
that this could have been salvaged to the point
of being watchable .
there is not any indication
that zucker let them improv scene either .
parker and stone are merely tool to a bad director .
baseketball has some funny concept and i think
parker especially
if he were allowed to take zucker script
could have elaborated on them more .
instead we get potty humor .
do not rent baseketball
you can get the same laughs
watching a group of grade schooler joking around
