the melting man ... a tragic victim of the space race ,
he perished melting ...
never comprehending
the race had long gone by ... ! a man
( burr debenning )
burns his hand on the kitchen stove .
but instead of screaming something a normal person would scream ,
he shouts something that sounds like `` aaaaatch-kah ! ! ''
this movie
you have popped in ...
is not a normal movie .
you have just taken your first step into the incredible melting man ,
the famous late-70 's gore film featuring rick baker 's wonderful makeup effect .
baker was just on the edge of becoming a superstar ,
and did this at the same time
as his famous `` can notina alien '' in star war .
for some strange reason 
star war became a household name ,
and incredible melting man did not .
it might have something to do with the fact
that this movie is just mind-numbingly awful .
from the opening credit
( `` starring alex rebar as the incredible melting man '' ...
that is really what it says !
) ,
to the chubby nurse running through a glass door ,
to the fisherman 's head going over a waterfall
and smashing graphically apart on some rock ,
this film provides many 
many moment of sheer incomprehensibility .
`` why did they ...
but how come he ...
why are they ... ? ''
after a while 
you give up wondering why
and watch it as what it is
-- a very entertaining piece of garbage.an astronaut return
to earth in a melting 
radioactive condition ;
he escapes and 
his mind disintegrating as well as his body 
begins a mad melting killing spree .
the authority quickly decide
that the melting man must be stopped ,
but ( probably not wanting to `` cause a panic '' )
want him captured as quietly as possible .
so they send one guy with a geiger counter after him .
wow.storywise 
surprisingly little happen during the movie .
the melting guy wander around killing person .
a doctor search for him with a geiger counter .
various character are introduced 
ask question 
and leave .
eventually the doctor catches up with the melting man ,
but is shot by a security guard for no reason ,
after he explains
that he is `` dr. ted nelson . ''
the melting man wander off
and finally dissolves into a big puddle of goo .
the end.it is so ainless
that it somehow ends up being a lot of fun ,
despite a fairly downbeat ending .
supposedly 
a widescreen dvd release is planned .
a very special movie .
