i have not yet read kurt vonnegut 's mother night
( though i have read other book of his ,
all outstanding piece of satire and game-changing novel piece ) .
after seeing keith gordon 's film adaptation of his book ,
it will be an immediate must-read in the near future .
it is the kind of material
that
i am sure
if it was not made in 1995/96 as a film ,
it would be picked up right away today in the time period
when many period post/present-holocaust/ww2 movie are quite popular .
except that this is much darker ,
though even more resonant ,
about the nature of playing role and the real underlying horror of living with life
after war than say the reader .
it is about the very real danger of pretending in wartime ,
which is what being a spy in ww2
is really
all about.it would be one thing
if mother night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about the moral choice and constant role- even after the war ends- for howard w. cambpell
( nick nolte ) ,
which is does .
but it is also just a really strong feat of cinematic technique .
keith gordon is not someone i usually think of as a director of really strong material
( more-so i think back to him as an actor ,
oddly enough featured iefly with vonnegut himself in back to school ) ,
but this is a revelation .
he takes the story of campbell as a story of a fractured life :
a german propaganda master
( the `` only american left in berlin '' ) ,
who is actually a spy for the american
but can never have his identity revealed ,
and was before a playwright
who really belonged to `` a nation of two '' 
himself and his wife
( sheryl lee ) .
it follows him from his prison cell 
awaiting trial in israel in 1961 ,
as he writes his memoir
and tell of his disillusionment about being a 'pretend ' nazi ,
and then in 1960 in semi-hiding in a new york apartment ,
which is where the bulk of the film takes place.mother night
can be quite heavy ,
like on a level one might associate with the pianist 
but on another more emotional-cereal level than the stark poetry of that film .
gordon 
by way of vonnegut 
is trying to give us a strong look at a man
who has nothing ,
except the memory
( and then later a weird transposition )
of his long lost love in a `` sister ''
who has come back to him in nyc ,
so he is left to his own device
when he befriends a painter
( alan arkin 
very very good here ) ,
and then is found out as a nazi-in-hiding by a white supremacist newsletter 
leading wackos to his apartment .
on the surface this should be just a straightforward spy story ,
but not a thing is straightforward .
the 'something ' of this man 's life is staggering ,
but it is ultimately of his own choosing .
campbell is one of those character
that could be analyzed for hour on end ,
but the same conclusion might be reached
( and 
in a way ,
mirror the line goebbel said ) :
the bigger the lie ,
the more person believe it .
that is except for the select few
who started the lie
and know its secret and power.but oh ,
it would be one thing
if it were just a wonderful and tragic-comic tale 
or another if
it were featuring some really fantastic performance
( which is does :
nolte is at his very best here 
and sheryl lee ,
who we might remember from twin peak as laura palmer 
stun in multiple role 
especially in the scene
when she reveals she is not 'really ' helga ) .
it is also a gorgeously shot film 
with illiant lighting and shot
that reflect the state of mind of the character ,
or just the starkness or sickening color of the time
( watch the scene
where an old campbell watches a film of his younger self spouting out a rant ,
the juxtaposition of faces is great ) .
and the music selection rise the level of tragedy .
it could be argued some of the music is too much ,
but at other time
it elevates the material past its own usual dramatic dimension
and makes it operatic ,
solemn about human nature.it is not always an easy film
to take emotionally ,
and some of the twist do have that tinge of `` whoa '' as in any spy story .
but it is the subversion from vonnegut
that sticks through 
the way
of taking appearance and performance 
of life imitating art imitating life imitating death ,
and making it into something worth remembering .
i have no idea
just yet if the book is better than the film
( or the other way around ) ,
but at the moment it is hard for me not to recommend this to anyone
looking for a masterpiece of post ww2/holocaust storytelling .
