although there is melodrama at the center or rather at the bottom of this film ,
the story is told beautifully and subtly
and the acting is superb.yaara ,
studying at princeton 
return to her native israel for the funeral of her oldest and dearest friend 
talia .
because yaara practically lived with her friend 's parent after the death of her own mother ,
she has lost her adoptive sister .
and because yaara 
blind from birth 
has been guided
and guarded by talia ,
her friend 's suicide is as unbearable
as it is inexplicable.inevitably ,
the blind girl is the one
who determines to solve the mystery of this death .
though without sight ,
she has insight .
though she can not see ,
she is able to find what is out of sight than the `` normal '' person around her .
the film thus becomes an absorbing mystery as yaara scours for clue in memory of her relationship with talia 
in her adoptive family 's house 
in tape 
diary 
and person in talia 's past and present.told from yara 's point of view ,
the film is also seen from her point of view ,
as she visualizes what she hears ,
believes 
and imagine .
the solution to the mystery is rather conventional ,
but the search is conducted with such subtle care and the answer rendered so beautifully and without fanfare ,
that the pat moment is easily forgiven .
the truths emerge gradually yet inexorably 
clarifying not only talia 's life 
but also her relationship with yaara .
tali sharon 
as yaara 
uses her mobile face and voice effectively ,
and is utterly believable as both the adult and teenage girl .
we accept fully her ability by the film 's end
to find her place in the world more confidently.noteworthy is the precision
by which place and action are repeated with small but significan not variation
that never become tedious ,
the dead-on
acting by the minor character ,
and the interesting decision to represent talia only as a teenager .
i will quibble with yaara 's final declaration as stand with gadi 
talia 's last boyfriend 
at a cliff 's edge ,
but that trip to the edge is so fascinating
that the image will remain in sight longer
than her word will be recalled .
