antonioni ,
by making this film ,
had assumed the role of papa smurf to all the little long-haired 
american 
radical student-smurf .
he had taken them under the guiding protection of his european communist wing ,
showing appreciation and support for their confused american way .
( these smurf are red
and wear blue ,
not the other way around . )
the radical smurf were happy to get the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair
who regularly preys to the god of all long-haired smurf 
lenin the communist - another wise old man
whose beard made the smurf take him even more seriously ,
for it symbolized something wise ,
though they did not quite know
why they regarded the beard to have this kind of deep effect on them .
castro 
another wise bearded man 
has often profited from this confusion and exuded magical power with his beard over his naive overseas admirer .
( not to mention che guevara :
that beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it ,
makes one want to immediately emace marx and his lovely 
pacifistic teaching )
the film starts with a muddled meeting of radically stupid radical student ,
who engage in dialogue
that truly redefine the word `` confused '' .
as confused as a blind-folded dog
falling of a high-story
building into a bottomless pit .
suddenly 
the movie 's `` hero ''
( well 
antonioni 's hero )
rises up
and says something to his pathetic left-wing peer and then leaves ,
hoping
that this display of `` mega-coolness '' will improve his jame dean image and vastly increase his chance
of getting laid with the best `` chick '' in the next mass hippie orgy .
eventually he gets into trouble with cop
( i.e .
pig )
at a rally ,
and spends the movie under the blue american capitalist sky ,
looking for freedom or something like that.antonioni 's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow ,
but has ( or had )
nothing new to offer ;
it is just the same old trigger-happy one-dimensional cop ,
businessman discussing business deal
( and what is wrong with that ,
is not that how antonioni 's movie get made ?
) ,
and endless shot of tv commercial and billboard advertising the oh-so morally decadent product for the abhorrent 
selfish 
and greedy right-wing rabble-population
who thinks of no one but themselves 
their family 
their work 
and their children.papa smurf antonioni 
just like his long-haired smurf and smurfette of the late 60 ,
failed to notice the most obvious and vital aspect about their silly movement :
they were allowed to have their laughable meeting and express their anti-establishment opinion freely within
that very establishment 
whereas the student in those country
whose left-wing system
they admired ,
did not ( and still do not ) .
by far the greatest irony about the hippie - and antonioni 
naturally 
failed to realize this as well
( his judgment
being clouded by cocaine-snorting and an excessive intake of lsd )
- is that hippie were
( are )
the garbage-residue of capitalism .
this is an incredible irony .
only in a successfully-functioning capitalist system can you find
that species called `` hippie '' ;
a spoiled 
ungrateful 
and selfish bunch of middle and upper-middle class losers.the film itself seems to go on forever .
antonioni takes his sweet time with getting on with it ,
while including overlong scene of pointlessness 
with a high dullness factor .
his attempt at symbolism are annoying and trite .
his statement are highly dubious 
at best .
this film is antonioni 's way
of saying
that violent revolution is the solution .
and this is what we get from an old 
saturated 
filthy-rich 
fat film-maker
who lives in villa and dine in the best french and italian restaurants.i do not remember seeing any major western movie about the tiananman massacre of thousand of student in china .
but when one western student gets shot for waving che guevara 's face into all our faces ,
we get ten major film about it at once .
i suppose this means
that a chinese life is worth a thousand time less than a western one \u0096 at least to the left-wing hypocrite
who infest movie.if
you are a marxist neo-hippy
and disliked this awful review ,
please klick `` no '' below .
