sometimes a film comes along
that is unique .
the nostril picker is one such film ,
the nostril picker is like no other film i have ever seen 
unfortunately for the nostril picker
and myself it is unique for different reason
than what the filmmaker had originally intended .
read on and all shall hopefully become clear ... the nostril picker ,
as it is commonly know
although it was apparently filmed under the title the changer ,
starts with some extremely dull shot of an american town somewhere 
street and factory 's that sort of thing ,
as the opening credit play .
when the nostril picker begins proper we ,
the viewer
that is ,
are introduced to a real loser
named joe bukowski
( carl zschering )
who is in his 40 's ,
he lives on his own in a crappy little apartment
where he watches t.v. ,
eats beef flavoured dog food and listen to old vinyl record
as he dances with a blow up rubber sex doll .
joe like teenage girl 
he has various porn magazine
but enjoys the real thing even more .
however ,
being an ugly git joe can not tempt any young lady to go out with him ,
or do anything else with him for that matter .
one fateful day an old homeless vietnam vet
( horace grimm )
sees the agony and pain
that joe has to go through
( actually he sees joe
being spoken to by the cop for hassling a teenage girl )
and decides to help him out .
he tells joe about an incan notation
that he learned from the 'gook ' in vietnam
that will transform joe 's appearance into whatever he like .
a process he calls morphosynthesis ,
but at the same time he warns joe
that 'it makes you crazy
if you do it too much ' .
that night joe decides to give it a try 
in a public place on a podium for some reason .
joe says a few word 
does an extremely silly dance and starts yodelling .
joe finish off by whistling london bridge is falling down 
listen yeah ,
i are not making this up either .
at first joe is visibly disappointed
when nothing significan not happens .
to console himself joe try to buy a porn mag
but is shocked
when the clerk
( kevin devoy )
refuses to sell it to an underage girl .
joe 
the ight spark
that he is ,
realises what has happened and talk his/her way out of it
by claiming his/her dad had sent him/her to buy it .
joe ,
who now calls his alter-ego josephine
( ann flood ) ,
senses the possibility and head straight for the local high school .
joe befriend four teenage girl 
jennifer armstrong
( laura cumming ) ,
crisi stroud
( gail didia ) ,
tracy harper
( heidi m. gregg )
and brenda kearn
( aimee molinaro )
while under his disguise 
oh and joe manages to become a pupil at the school
simply by asking the sport teacher miss van dyke
( vicki hollis ) .
at first joe seems harmless enough 
he just like to hang around the girl toilet and stuff like that .
but thing soon change as joe utally murder brenda .
jennifer 's dad 
vince armstrong
( edward tanner )
is a detective so along with his partner ed simpson
( clyde surrell )
and walt spencer
( bruce alden )
the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for killing his daughter 's friend ,
but will they succeed before joe strike again ?
the imdb listing for the nostril picker is wrong ,
i watched it mere hour ago
and it clearly states
that it is directed by mark nowicki
who was also a co-producer and definitely not patrick j. matthew
who was credited as a co-producer and the cinematographer ,
not that it makes much difference and i would have
though that nowicki would have been more than happy for matthew to take the 'credit ' for making this piece of crap .
no one
involved in the making of the nostril picker should
be allowed to go anywhere near a camera again 
ever .
the nostril picker is easily one of the worst film i
have ever seen ,
and that is saying something .
it is absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable .
the script by steven hodge is atrocious ,
there is no narrative structure 
excitement 
tension 
drama 
character development and the thing
that
do happen
are so mind numbingly dumb
it is untrue .
the plot device and chain of event in the nostril picker are totally incomprehensible .
the scene
where joe finds out the prostitute
( steven andrew )
he hired is in fact a man and joe starts to chase him around his apartment with two squirting dildo 's
is simply jaw dropping stuff .
the subsequent scene
when the transvestite reports the incident to the police
is hilariously written
and had me psychically laughing at the dialogue .
i hated the ending as well ,
not only was it predictable
but it leaves the door open for a sequel ,
i psychically shudder at the mere thought !
on a technical level the nostril picker is awful 
point and hope photography 
bland and inappropriate music 
forgettable location 
poorly edited
( brenda is killed in the kitchen
yet her blood splash on the t.v .
screen
that was clearly in the opposite room ) ,
some of the worst acting i have sat through and very unimpressive special effect
which consist of a few cut off rubber finger 
a slit throat and a quick scene
where joe eats some flesh .
it comes as no surprise
that the cast and crew
who worked on the nostril picker
have virtually no imdb credit for anything before or after .
even at 76 odd minute the nostril picker is far to long and really boring to sit through .
i could go on and on all day
long about how bad the nostril picker is ,
i really could .
one thing i can not quite work out
is was all this intentional by the filmmaker ?
the nostril picker is indeed a unique film ,
unique in it is awfulness and incompetence .
in the the case of the nostril picker i hope it remains unique too ,
having said
that it is still not the worst film i
have ever seen
but it comes close
that is for sure .
definitely one to avoid .
