i am not sure why i like dolph lundgren .
i guess seeing him on screen makes me feel
that anyone
who works hard can succeed
regardless of talent .
that is a good feeling for all of us
who lack talent .
some of the other review point out how dumb detention is ,
but many neglect to point out the positive .
any movie
where at least one annoying teenager gets killed
can not be all bad .
why do so many movie
that have a cast of teen
always need to include the stereotypical teen ?
are not there any other kind of teen ?
does every group of teen have one angry black guy ?
one genius nerd
that nobody like ?
one slutty girl who is very friendly
and ( in this movie ) pregnant ?
one disturbed anti-social white kid from a oken home
who everyone agrees
is talented
( but what is the talent ? ) .
and one laid-back black kid who is in tune with the universe and so cool
that all the other neurotic kid trust him .
then add a couple of generic expendable teen of any color .
they do not say
much but get shot at some point .
detention would have been better
if the bad guy had gotten to blow up the school .
preferably with the writer inside .
the dialogue is bad ,
and the plot is worse .
when the bad guy
( and girl )
finally hijack a van full of drug ,
then they sit inside the van making out .
they drive the van to the school
because they want to re-paint the van at the school 's paint shop ,
but they never get around to re-painting the van .
by the way 
it would have been easier to just put all the drug in another car or two car or another van or a truck and drive away
without repainting the police van .
they also never move the drug
or sell them or do anything else with the big score .
for some reason 
they decide
they have to kill the kid and the teacher
( dolph lundgren )
even though when the villain take over the school nobody is remotely aware of it
because it is after school hour .
the handful of person still in the school have nothing to do with painting vehicle ,
so why go after them ?
anyhow 
the best part of this movie is that the villain are all armed with numerous machine gun ,
and they keep finding the teen
( including a guy in a wheel chair )
and they keep shooting hundred of bullet at the teen and usually mis .
towards the end of the movie there is some bloodshed .
for every time someone gets shot ,
there must be at least three hundred bullet fired
that mis .
the stunt are pretty bad .
i read one of the review
that says
that this movie had a budget of $ 10 million 
and i am amazed .
when i saw the movie i figured
maybe lundgren had done it as some kind of charity work for some film school
where he is the teacher .
like maybe this movie was their end of the year exam .
it was a test
to watch it ,
but i passed .
