sometimes it takes a film-making master like kuick to ing
that extra little something ,
that unique 
untractable and elusive ingredient
that transforms a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece ,
one for the ages.it is not just
that stephen king 's story has enough meat and potato
making it difficult for even the most workmanlike of director to miss .
heck 
even king himself did not fare so bad .
it is how kuick perceife king 's universe ,
how he transforms the page into screen time ,
that renders the shining both a visual feast and a compacted masterclass in directing.kuick 's miss-en-scene is 
as usually 
terrific .
the movie progresses with a isk 
sharp 
lively pace ,
even though it is neither fast nor heavily edited and it clocks at no less than 160 minute .
the camera prowls through the lavish corridor of the overlook hotel
like it is some kind of mystic labyrinth rife for exploration ,
linear tracking shot
exposing the impeccably decorated interior in all their grandeur .
there is a symmetry and geometrical approach in how kuick perceife space
that reminds me very much of how japanese director worked in the sixty .
as if what is depicted is inconsequential to how all the different element are balanced inside the frame.certain image definitely stand out .
the first shot of jack 's typewriter 
accompanied off screen from the thump of a ball ,
like drum of doom coming from some other floor
or produced by the typewriter itself
as though it is an instrument of doom all by itself ,
later on proving to be nothing short of just that .
a red river
flowing through the hotel 's elevator in slow motion .
jack
hitting the door with the axe ,
the camera moving along with him ,
tracking the action
as it happens instead of remaining static ,
as though it is the camera piercing through the door and not the axe .
the ultra fast zoom in the kid 's face thrusting us inside his head
before we see the two dead girl from his pov .
and of course 
the bathroom scene.much has been said of jack nicholson 's obtrusive overacting .
his mad is not entirely successful ,
because 
well 
he is jack nicholson .
the guy looks half-mad anyway .
playing mad turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself .
shelley duvall on the other hand is one of the most inspired casting choice
kuick ever had .
coming from a streak of fantastic performance for robert altman in the seventy
( 3 woman 
thieve like us 
nashville ) 
she ings to her character the right amount of fragility and emotional distress .
a terrific and very underrated actress .
