well 
there you have it ,
another disillusion on my account .
two 
actually !
first of all ,
even though i like to think of myself
that i know a little something about 70 's euro-exploitation and its most prolific contributor ,
i never heard about joseph w. sarno before .
here is a guy
who made over seventy rancid and cult-laden exploitation movie and i
have not seen a single one !
how ?
why ?
what happened here ?
secondly 
and even worse 
just
when you think to have found a new source for obscure cult movie ,
that director 's most famous and supposed `` masterpiece '' turns out to be an irredeemably dull and irritating film .
admittedly 
lesbian vampire movie form a pretty insignifican not sub genre as a whole ,
but some of them bath in ominous atmosphere and curious sensuality
( like jos\u00e9 larraz ' `` vampyre '' or harry k\u00fcmmel 's `` daughter of darkness '' ) .
joseph sarno 's film has nothing to offer 
except copious amount of gratuitous nudity
and even that becomes boring rather quickly .
the event take place in a secluded old castle 
hidden deep in the german mountain ,
where five century ago lived a malicious and bloodthirsty
( literally )
baroness .
her loyal disciple still throw naked dance party in the castle 's catacombs ,
which are lit by penis-shaped candle auch ,
and hope to resurrect the baroness any time soon now .
suddenly
( do not even ask how )
the castle is full of young and sexy female guest 
so even more erotic rite ensue .
sound delicious and entertaining enough ,
but `` the devil 's plaything '' contains a massive number of sequence
where literally nothing happen
and where the cast member ' ignorant facial expression are simply unendurable !
sarno is not capable of creating suspense or building a gothic atmosphere
( or maybe he just did not bother to )
and the actress ' capacity restrict themselves to standing in front the camera topless
and pull a really pathetic face .
please do yourself a favor :
no matter
how desperately you strive to see all lurid lesbian-vampire movie of the 70 's ,
this one is not worth a penny !
even the repertoire of jess franco and jean rollin are pure art
compared to this dud .
