a film
that can make you shed tear of sadness
and tear of joy would be considered quite a step in the career of a common filmmaker .
the fact is 
steven spielberg 
probably our greatest story-teller 
has been doing this in various movie format for year .
the color purple 
at the time 
was considered risky ,
especially after action classic like jaws and raider of the lost ark .
in hindsight 
this film should have come as no surprise ,
for spielberg had made us cry tear of joy and sadness in e.t .
critic called color purple his entrance into intellectual fare .
it is quite an entrance .
no special effect 
no swashbuckling 
just illiant story-telling based on a literary classic by alice walker .
one surprise is how spielberg could present such a moving film about african-american in the deep south .
slavery is gone ,
but in the south depicted here ,
it seems
as though black are using other black as slave .
spielberg is always put down for sentimentalizing his picture
or adding an element of childishness
to please the audience .
this is really the first of overlooked film from his career
that you can not make these observation .
it is the first in a line of film person
either did not see or would not see
because there are no alien .
empire of the sun 
always 
schindler 's list 
etc.. his awesome talent is obvious with this specific picture
because a ) he uses mostly untrained 
first-time actor 
b )
he tackles a subject
most felt was unadaptable to the screen 
and c )
it is pure drama with no string pulled
where character grow
and change over the passage of roughly 30 year .
it is almost epic-like in look and scope and the fact
that it did not garner a single academy award from 11 nomination
is a travesty and an insult.whoopi goldberg is fabulous as the tortured celie 
an unattractive woman
given away by her incestuous father to an abusive danny glover ,
who
she only knows as `` mister '' .
the film follows a path of occasional beating and mental torture
she goes through
while with `` mister '' .
the pg-13 rated film is pretty open to the sexual issue
raised by the walker novel .
this is not `` the burning bed '' in georgia by any mean .
there is no blatant revenge taken
as might be expected .
it happens gracefully .
goldberg perfectly plays a human being ,
someone in need of love and someone
who deserves it .
the film ' most poignant and hearteaking moment comes
when goldberg and her sister 
nettie
( played by akosua busia )
are separated 
maybe forever .
( possibly foreshadowing holocaust separation of child and parent ? )
you may have to check for a pulse
if you are not moved by this sequence.the color purple stands for the beauty of the field and flower surrounding these poor person .
there really is something to live for 
but love triumphs over all .
spielberg basher take note :
the guy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute alien.rating :
10 of 10
