put yourself into carla 's shoe .
she is an overworked 
unappreciated administrative drudge
who is invisible .
you know her :
she is trained three of her last three boss ,
knows
where all of the body are buried
and might even look back at you in the mirror
when you ush your tooth .
always having time for another thankless task
and does it better
than most despite a serious disability ,
she has the desk on the way to the restroom
that becomes the repository of half-finished cup of coffee begging to be spilled .
what ?
you do not want to hear it ?
well 
she can not and neither can you
until your hearing aid is in place .
prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired.carla
( emmanuelle devos )
need a change in her life .
work is leading nowhere ;
friend are relying on her to meet their domestic need
and the only way out start with a collapse
that goes virtually unnoticed .
she will not take a vacation -
a contract is going critical -
so the only alternative is to hire an assistant .
carla submits requirement
that convey her real need :
a 'well-groomed ' man .
this ings an applican not for approval
that reminds us
that we should be careful with our wish .
paul
( vincent cassell )
does everything wrong from the start of his job interview and his getting hired clearly demonstrates carla 's interest in his non-job-related quality .
she sees potential in this former thief and as the story unfold ,
their relationship grows in a very unusual pattern of co-dependence .
paul has a difficult transition returning to the world outside of prison wall
and finds himself in another sort of prison :
one of the office variety and another of indentured servitude
to pay off an old debt .
his skill as a thief help carla win a political battle in the office .
but paul sees a grander opportunity with carla 's skill in lip reading and draws her
even further into a world of intrigue.this is a utal film noir unrated
and probably suitable for older teen .
carla grows more powerful 
professionally as well as personally ,
as the story progresses and her disability gives her clear advantage over the rest of us .
she grows as a woman discovering her sensual side
while she uses her resource
to overcome the obstacle
of competing in a man 's world.the two main character are meant for each other 
in a strange way .
without paul 
carla will remain in her role of a doormat .
she has our sympathy 
hope and best wish
even if she does not make the best decision along the way .
you will hear the world through carla 's ears 
from awkward adjustment of your hearing aid 
muffled sound 
all but inaudible
without it to relatively distinct voice
when you can see
who 's talking .
with one major sense disabled 
we see carla 's heightened intuitive power
to compensate .
and we can all use that sense to hear not only what person say ,
but also what they really mean .
