this is a great example of a good 
dumb movie .
no 
it is not high art by any mean .
nor is the script anywhere close to a woody allen or mel brook .
but so what !
the killer tomato series
( four movie and a cartoon series )
are basically good-natured romp gleefully trampling on the kind of territory the zucker ruled
before they switched to making serious flick.as the title suggests 
this fourth installment of the killer tomato trilogy deal with the killer tomato plot against france .
in this case 
professor gangrene
( john astin 's 3rd time in the role )
has a plan
to rule france through an ancient prophecy about the return of the rightful king of france .
steve lundquist return as igor 
a humanoid tomato
who wants to be a sportscaster
and who just happens to be a dead ringer for the long-lost true king of france .
obviously
he also plays the aforementioned l-l t k of f ,
happily skewering the french language.opposing them is the fearless fuzzy tomato
( like the other 
ft was introduced in the second film
and would be a main character in the cartoon ) and his human ally .
mark price 
recently unemployed as a result of the conclusion of the family ties series ,
plays a thinly disguised version of himself ,
passing himself as `` michael j fox '' as a way
to win the girl of his dream .
and angela visser is a dream as marie ,
gleefully bouncing between unabashed virginal sexuality and borderline psychosis .
oh
that the former miss netherland had had more of a film career !
another returning member of the killer tomato stock company is rick rockwell
( now best known as the hapless title subject of `` who wants to marry a millionaire ? `` ) .
like co-creator john de bello 
rockwell works both in front of
and behind the camera in this series.what can you say about jon de bello ?
not much 
really ,
except that he had a singular vision
and managed to pull it off and ,
having done that ,
has apparently dropped into obscurity .
john ,
if you ever see this ,
thank
for giving us
the killer tomato.the script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware
that this is just a movie .
like return of the killer tomato 
the action occasionally veer off the set and into the middle of the film crew .
and mark price has a funny forum
to complain about his own lack of success
compared to his former costar michael j fox .
this is the biggest budgeted of all the killer tomato flick
and is a nice send-off to the series .
okay 
the show then moved to fox kid as a cartoon series
( which was also quite clever ) ,
but cartoon just are not the same .
