i entered the theater to sky captain in 2004
expecting a good film .
nearly every review of this movie had been positive ,
the effect looked enticing ,
the preview convincing.needless to say ,
disappointment actually does not describe the feeling
i got from this film .
it was rage.beyond being boring
and poorly written ,
the reason
this film gets a 2/10 star
is
because everything in the film was stolen from another source .
i understand the difference between an homage and stealing :
this was stealing .
more importantly 
it seems that the filmmaker did not steal to progress a point
or move the plot along .
they stole just to show
that they could .
there is literally no point
to showing a clip of the wizard of oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie
except to set up another scene
( that i will not elaborate on )
which steals from the same film .
needless to say ,
every concept in the film was neither original nor even a spin on an old concept :
it was literally just a rehash of something
i had already seen 
from pulp-era robot reminiscent of the old superman cartoon and the recent film `` the iron giant '' 
to the silent martial artist minion of the villain
that has been used in countless film ,
most recognizable in recent year as darth maul in `` star war :
the phantom menace '' .on the subject of the actual film ,
most of the performance were completely wooden .
perhaps this is because the entire movie was done on a blue-screen ,
with computer imagery
filling in everything save the actor .
frankly 
this is no excuse for poor acting .
if a person was ever a child ,
they understand
that a lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying.finally ,
there is no humanity in this film .
the protagonist are the only real human
being here .
nearly all the antagonist are robot ,
and the number of friendly character
that are shown during the film
can be counted on one hand .
if robot are attacking the entire planet ,
should not we expect to see mass of humanity running from them ?
the sub-par performance of the main character
prevent us from connecting to 
really ,
anything here.the film was not the worst movie out there ,
which is why
i did not give it a 1. rather ,
the film was an example of all
that is wrong with modern action film :
the filmmaker tried to justify the movie with special effect ,
but
without artistic vision or originality of any kind ,
it falls flat .
