problem with these type of movie is that literally dozen of them are being made each year .
luckily for use only a handful are given a theatrical release ,
while the other are being pushed straight to video or tv ,
such as this movie.the foremost problem of this movie is really its originality .
it is one of those movie
which uses the `` die hard '' formula of a tough
but troubled guy being at the wrong place at the wrong time .
in this case it is a character
played by casper van dien ,
who works for a security agency
that thoroughly test safety procedure for company and individual .
in this case he is being send to a cruise ship ,
which of course gets hijacked .
you can see this movie as a sort of mix of `` die hard '' and `` air force one ''
and the movie does not even try to conceal
that those two movie were probably its biggest source of 'inspiration ' .
so really ,
you can not regard this movie as an original one at all .
it uses all of the clich\u00e9s out of the book and this movie really does not offer any surprise
or anything
that remotely resembles anything original.like you can expect from a movie such as this ,
it has a very weak script .
or rather said ,
it features some very lazy writing .
like i said
before ,
the movie features nothing original
but also the actual story
itself features some element
which are far from likely
and are just plain ridicule truthfully .
i mean 
hijacking an huge cruise ship with only about 8 guy ,
of which halve only carry some small gun and then ask for a ransom of 'only ' 10 million dollar 
for a ship
that is about worth 10 time
that amount is itself already quite ridicule .
how do they even intend to split that money afterward ?
every person gets just over a million or something ?
that is hardly profitable for such a big and risky undertaking .
and then there is the case
of taking the passenger hostage .
somehow they manage to take all passenger on the huge ship hostage
and they manage to put them inside one room 
with only one guy with his pistol ,
which he can not even seem to be able to hold right ,
watching them .
you never see more than like 30 hostage however ,
as if they were all the person
who were aboard at the time .
also when the van dien character goes looking for his son and vice versa ,
no matter
which room they walk in through on the huge cruise ship ,
they always bump into each other instantly .
just some example of the lazy writing
within the movie.but
it of course is an action flick ,
so the story of course become secondary .
but then again ,
it is not as if this movie features any good action at all .
halve of the actor look
as if they had never hold a weapon
before and the movie is filled with some ridicule slow-motion .
it really become laughable at points.of course
the movie also does not feature the best actor ,
though i must say
that casper van dien really is not a bad 'action hero ' and actor ,
as far as the genre and b-movie circuit is concerned .
he just however also suffers from the same problem as tom cruise ;
no matter how old he is ,
he just never looks convincing enough
to play the father of a teenager .
van dien once started out as a promising new young actor
but starring in movie like this really does not help his career much .
he is probably capable of something better ,
though he is never really given the right opportunity
to show it .
all of the other actor also do a fair enough job
but their character are just so formulaic
that they never truly become interesting.oh well ,
it is not the worst genre movie i have ever seen
but it also are not exactly the most original or memorable one either.4/10
