spoiler alert \u0096 although i think
this one was spoiled coming out of the can
it is hard to even imagine
that a film with these star 
from this studio ,
made at this time period ,
could be so awful ,
but it is .
it is the film 's biggest flaw by far
that it just does not make any damn sense.rich widower american aristocrat penn gaylord leaves his small daughter `` in charge ''
and goes off to world war i
where he is killed .
then we flash forward to present day
( 1942 )
and total confusion .
the three sister are in court
where they are said to have spent the last twenty year ,
and some jerk named barclay is trying to take their home away from them .
this is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered question
that comprises the script 
more hole in it than the warren report .
what happened to the gaylord fortune ?
if the will is worth half a billion ,
why has the family home gone from an opulent palace to the house on the munster ?
who the devil is this barclay clown ?
and why is he able to take someone 's home away from them ?
the question just pile on top of more question.the usually affable and charming george brent is playing barclay ,
who is inexplicably a total sod tromping all over everyone ,
taking
whatever the heck
he wants no matter
who it belongs to and without a twinge of guilt ;
yet no one besides fiona
( barbara stanwick )
seems to particularly dislike this cretin .
why ?
none of these question are ever answered .
we instead just follow fiona 's life from one train wreck to another ,
the evil barclay takes away her home 
her fortune 
and even her child .
what does she do ?
shoot him ?
set him on fire ?
no 
too logical .
in a completely improbably wrap-up 
this woman ,
who 's only prior romantic involvement with barclay was ,
save for the technicality of marriage 
rape 
suddenly decides mid-sentence
( literally )
that she does not hate him ,
she loves him .
and they are going to live happily ever after .
all of a sudden for no reason in the world 
this early female role model of independence and authority is transformed into the usual helpless ankle-twisting twit more commonly found in film of this era .
yeah 
sure 
steal everything in the world
that belongs to me and i
will fall in love with you .
on what planet does that happen ?
i can only guess
the reason i never heard of this film
before i happened to catch it on turner
is that it was as lost on contemporary audience
as it is today .
