utterly tactical 
strange
( watch for the kinky moment of a drop-dead gorgeous blonde
acting as pull-string doll for some rich folk ) ,
pointless but undoubtedly compelling late-night feature .
this unhinged french production is a stew of perplexedly unfocused idea and random plot illustration centred on its very charismatic star
( if somewhat anti-hero )
alain delon and charle bronson .
really they do not get to do all that much 
especially during the confined 
lengthy mid-section where they hide themselves in a building during the christmas eak
to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combination .
oh fun !
but this is when the odd ,
if intriguing relationship is formed between delon and bronson 's character .
after a manipulative battle of will
( and childishly sly game against each other ) ,
the two come to an understanding
that sees them honour each other 's involvement
and have a mutual respect .
this would go on to play a further part in the twisty second half of the story with that undetectable curve-ball .
still their encounter early on suggest
there is more ,
but what we get is vague
and this is magnified by that 'what just happen there ? '
ending that might just make you jump .
yeeeeaaaaahhhhhhhhh !
glad to get that out of the system .
the pacing is terribly slow ,
but placidly measured for it and this seems purposely done to exhaust with its edgy 
nervous underlining tension .
watch as the same process is repeated over and over again ,
and you know
something is not quite right
and the scheming eventually comes into play .
now everything that does happen feel too spontaneous ,
but the climax payoff is haunting .
the taut 
complex script is probably a little too crafty for its own good ,
but there are some neat novelty
( coin 
glass and liquid try not spilling )
and visual symbolisms .
jean herman 's direction is efficiently sophisticated and low-key ,
but get a tad artificial and infuse an unwelcoming icy atmosphere .
the sound fx feature more as a potent note ,
than that of francois deroubaix 's funky score
that is mainly kept under wrapped after its sizzling opening .
top drawer delon
( who 's quite steely )
and bronson
( a jovial turn )
are solid ,
and work off each tremendously .
bernard fresson chalks up the attitude as the inspector
who knows
there is more going on
than what is being led on .
an attractive female cast feature able support by brigitte fossey and olga georges-picot .
a cryptically directionless 
but polished crime drama maintained by its two lead and some bizarre inclusion .
