what we have here
is a compelling piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise 
a cast
that is filled with familiar faces and one of the most convincing filming location in the history of horror film .
so ... could anyone please tell me
why this movie is so utterly underrated ? ? ?
`` prison '' is the finnish director harlin 's american debut ,
which still counts as his best effort
even though he went on making blockbuster
hit like `` die hard 2 '' 
`` cliffhanger '' and `` deep blue sea '' .
the story entirely takes place in an ancient and ramshackle wyoming prison 
re-opened for the cause of over-population in other 
more modern state penitentiary .
inside the former execution dungeon 
the restless spirit of the electric chair 's last victim still dwells around .
the now promoted warden eaton sharpe
( lane smith )
was there already 40 year ago ,
when this innocent man was put to death ,
and the spirit still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial .
it seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived .
viggo mortensen plays the good car thief
who has to prevent an even larger body count and chelsea field
is the humane social worker
who slowly unravels the secret from the past .
`` prison '' contains over half a dozen memorable gore sequence
but it is the unbearably tense atmosphere
that 'll stick to you for certain !
unlike any other horror picture from that decade 
`` prison '' features an amazing sense of realism !
by this 
i refer to the authentic scenery and the mood inside the prison wall 
of course ,
and not towards the supernatural murder
that are being committed ...
even though these are genuinely unsettling as well .
the film 's best part are image of realistic and tough prison-drama sequence
combined with visual mayhem and shocking horror .
the absolute best terror-moment
( providing me with nightmare ever
since i saw it at rather young age )
focuses on a grizzly death-struggle
involving barbed wire .
haunting ! !
the screenplay only suffers one flaw ,
but that is a common one ... almost inevitable ,
i guess :
clich\u00e9s !
the story introduce nearly every possible stereotype
there is in a prison surrounding .
we have got the ugly 
fat pervert with his 'cute ' boy-toy ,
the cowardly and racist guard avoid confrontation at all cost and \u0096 naturally \u0096 the old 'n wise black con
who serves a lifetime
( did i hear
anybody yell the name morgan freeman ? )
do not stare yourself blind on these clich\u00e9s is my advise ,
as there are so many other element to admire .
the photography is dark and moist ,
the mystery is upheld long
and successfully and the supportive inmate-role of class b-actor are excellent
( the fan will recognize tom everett 
tom 'tiny ' lister and even immortal horror icon kane hodder ) .
forget about wes craven 's god-awful attempt `` shocker '' or the downright pathetic cheese-flick `` the chair '' .
this is the only prison chiller worth tracking down !
especially considering viggo mortensen peaking popularity nowaday
( i heard he starred in a successful franchise
involving elf 
hobbit and other fairy creature ... )
this true 80 's horror gem ought to get an urgent dvd-release !
