based on fact ,
this is the story of a teenager
named homer hickam
( jake gyllenhaal ) ,
growing up in a coal town in west virginia
where a boy 's usual destiny was to `` end up in the mine . ''
but homer had his eye on the sky and a love for flying rocket 
to the dismay of his mine-foreman father 
and the consternation of the townsfolk generally .
a misfit for sure 
he and three of his equally outcast buddy begin making rocket ,
which they fly from a patch of barren land eight mile out of town ,
so as to no longer terrorize the community with their oft-time errant rocket .
unfortunately 
most of the town and especially homer 's father
( chris cooper )
thinks
that they are wasting their time .
however 
the person become intrigued and soon start coming out in drove to watch the 'rocketboys ' send off their homemade missile .
only one teacher
( laura dern )
in the high school understands their effort
and lets them know
that they could become contender in the national science fair with college scholarship
being the prize .
now the gang must learn to perfect their craft
and overcome the many problem
facing them
as they shoot for the star .
director joe johnston has always been a famous name for his movie such as jumanji and jurassic park 3
and `` october sky '' surely stands above all of his other film .
without any doubt ,
`` october sky '' is his best effort
and obviously his best film .
it is not only a true story filmed extremely well 
but even as a movie ,
it has every single thing ,
which is required for a top level cinema .
and along with johnston 's extra-ordinary direction 
are some exceptional performance .
jake gyllenhaal was around 19 ,
when this movie was released
and he gives a beautiful and natural performance .
he is a perfect actor .
chris cooper as his father 
also gives a very fine performance .
the same goes for laura dern
and also she looks beautiful .
even the rest of the performance are extremely well .
the background score was fine .
highly inspiring movie ,
which lifts up your spirit sky high .
one of those movie
which definitely inspires
you for all of your life .
an amazing inspiring movie along with load of entertainment .
not to be missed .
