what an entertaining movie .
astaire and randolph scott are in the navy .
astaire has to woo back ginger in san francisco ,
while scott must be persuaded
that harriet hilliard is worthy of being his wife .
everything works out fine.it is sometimes argued ,
and i can see why ,
that scott 's romance with hilliard is unnecessary
and slows the plot down .
especially painful are hilliard 's singing of sappy love song .
i could have done without her singing 
right enough ,
but i found the romance rather touching .
hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher ,
wearing a pair of spectacle 
no makeup ,
and the ugliest clothe known to man or beast .
no wonder scott avoids her
until she grooms herself sexily under the tutelage of her sister ginger and a slinky lucille ball .
the problem is that after her makeover she looks like the same irretrievably plain woman as before ,
only with a glossier outfit .
it is tough enough for a homely guy .
but at least a man can become wealthy and powerful and popular ,
then he can collect woman anyway ,
even if he looks like jojo the dog-faced boy .
but what does a plain-looking woman do ?
the same avenue to romance are not open to her .
henry kissinger had groupie .
did margaret thatcher ?
it must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as our .
as a kind of a footnote 
i must mention
that randolph scott was rumored to be bisexual by hollywood gossip
who needed some nonsense
to chew on ,
and it is kind of amusing
that he has the following line in this film
when he is putting homely hilliard off
-- `` woman do not interest me 
sister . ''
the movie probably gives more quality time to ginger roger than any of her other film with astaire .
and she is marvelous .
she is beautiful 
sexy 
a talented actress and dancer ,
and the script gives her good comic line too .
`` let 's kiss and make up 
''
suggests astaire .
`` let 's just make up 
''
she says ,
`` that will give you something to work on . ''
it is also the only film
she made with astaire
that gives her a solo number during an audition .
( choreographed by herme pan . )
her performance is accidentally sabotaged by astaire
who slips some alka seltzer or something into her water ,
and she hiccups through her number ,
burping being too indelicate for the time.as a dancer ,
i would make a terrific circus elephant
so my opinion must be taken as that of an amateur ,
but i think
their dance together are the equal of any
they put on film .
their first 
during a dancing contest 
`` let yourelf go 
'' is the most wildly exuberant of any i can remember .
and the only dramatic duet 
`` let 's face the music and dance 
''
must be among their finest .
the last step
as they exit
is startling.i like the film for reason with personal resonance .
i remember
seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown san diego 
next to a shop
called `` the seven sea ''
that catered to sailor .
i was in uniform at the time
and was impressed with the treatment of the naval career of astaire and scott .
what i mean is ,
here we have this frothy musical comedy
which owed absolutely nothing to historical reality 
and yet 
unlike most of their other teaming 
pays its due anyway .
jumping ship ,
astaire calls out for a `` water taxi . ''
i had just taken a water taxi ashore myself .
the uniform are correct to the period
( unlike 
say 
those in `` on the town '' ) .
and they are worn properly ,
hat down to two finger-width above the eyeow and not cocked back .
and there are two incident
in which astaire runs into a problem with naval authority
and they are both handled with perfect seriousness
and are thoroughly believable .
an officer stops astaire from leading a jazz band during inspection and report to the captain ,
`` they were playing
when the call was sounded 
sir .
i am certain no each of discipline was intended . ''
it is what an officer
-- a good officer --
would say ,
and nobody laughs.the series was getting a little repetitious by the time `` follow the fleet '' was made so instead of putting fred into high society and a tuxedo ,
they turned him into a gum-chewing swabbie instead .
it was a good idea .
and the dance number are up to the concept .
