a truly disturbed 
cannibalistic psychopath 
john
( gary kent 
under the pseudonym michael brody )
who lives in a cave ,
stalks camper
who make the unfortunate mistake of backpacking in his wilderness .
steve
( dean russell )
and his buddy charlie
( john batis )
get into a playful argumant with their wife 
sharon
( tomi barrett 
the late real-life wife of gary kent ) )
and teddi
( ann wilkinson )
over surviving in the wood camping by themselves .
to prove a point ,
the gal decide to head for the wilderness out of los angele for a camping trip disturbing their partner to the point
that they soon follow afterward .
falling prey to john ,
teddi is soon killed as sharon runs for her life as the man arrive late to the wilderness due to their truck 's overheating .
afraid 
tired 
and paranoid 
sharon receives some very unusual assistance..john 's ghost child !
that is right ,
john 's child remain in the wilderness 
ghostly apparition
which spy on those
who exist in the wood ,
taking a special liking to sharon ,
helping guide her to safety and her friend .
meanwhile 
steve and charlie soon find shelter from a down pour and the darkness of night in the very cave
where john lives .
cooking over a burning fire ,
the meat simmering is actually from charlie 's wife 
teddi !
unknowingly charlie eat from the meat
when offered by john
who finds the outsider inside his dwelling place !
anyway 
soon 
worried about their wife 
steve and charlie set out
to find them as morning eak .
meanwhile 
john goes a hunting 
with charlie 
steve 
and sharon in a fight for survival .
when steve suffers a compound fracture stumbling between two massive rock over a flowing river ,
he will be handicapped only increasing such an already nightmare scenario 
with sharon following her ghostly young friend to potential safety..they even 
at one point 
plead with their father
to not kill her .
charlie 
unfortunately 
does not have such friend.director donald jone
( ..who also wrote it
and went oke funding the film )
smartly shoots the film in such a eathtaking 
gorgeous location in the sequoia national park 
in california ,
where those gargantuan tree tower to great height ,
and i basically watch backwood slasher for this very purpose .
for some strange reason 
i did not particularly find jone ' direction of the setting
very atmospheric..the dread was missing ,
although there are some rather disturbing attack by john using his knife
( ..shot in a clever way ,
jone ' camera suggests
more than what is actually on screen 
yet 
somehow ,
still achieves
that gasp at what john is doing to victim ) .
within such a picturesque landscape ,
to see innocent preyed upon by a maniac ,
that kind of increase the terror .
city folk attempting to spend a nice few day in a different place ,
to smell the clean 
fresh air ,
enjoy the sight of a lovely view ,
only to find themselves stalked by a creepy predator with a very intimidating knife .
providing the back-story
to why john is the monster
he is ,
jone allows us to witness his memory flashback in discovering his wife 's adultery and reacting accordingly
( ..she is also a ghost in the wilderness looking for her child ,
wishing to punish them for `` being naughty '' )
killing both her and the lover in bed
( ..a refrigerator repairman ) .
the child 
sad and depressed committed suicide and now `` haunt '' the wilderness 
still interacting with their pa
or whoever they so choose .
i realize such a novelty as ghost child in a backwood slasher is unique and appreciated by some ,
but i found the idea rather hokey and too silly
to take serious .
they do help our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situation ,
but it was awfully hard for me to keep from giggling uncontrollably .
the music i found
hideously 80 's and the performance are not mind-blowing .
i mean i could react to the situation
they were in ,
because it is indeed quite terrifying
to find yourself in an unfamiliar and hostile territory
being hunted by someone
who knows the area so well .
i think
the film is similar in many way
to do not go into the wood..alone ! ,
except that the forest has the aforemantioned ghost child
( ..their voice echo
when talking to sharon 
their father 
or each other ) .
gary kent looks like a filthy george lucas 
with tattered clothe ,
and humanity lost .
as i mantioned above 
the violence is not as grisly
as what is suggested
because director jone is able to effectively cut away from a great deal of knife penetration 
yet the way
he stages
the set piece leave you rather unsettled
( ..such as teddi 's murder 
the violence mostly silhouetted on the surface of a nearby huge stone formation 
her plea for john to stop and 
once stabbed several time ,
attempt to crawl away from her predator only to be finished off ;
a hanging corpse john is skinning ) .
i have seen better and worse of this type of slasher film ,
it is rather mediocre 
at best 
with some effectively shot scenery .
i do not really think
it is particularly memorable 
for the exception of the ghost child .
