did not mystic pizza win the oscar for that year ?
this movie never had a chance ,
due to the casting ,
but perhaps by now person can see why i felt
that way upon leaving the theater .
only `` wargame '' left me feeling similarly disturbed
after leaving the theater ,
with the feeling i was getting a glimpse of our future .
history has shown
that this is exactly what happened.the casting is a pop-culture cuisinart of the 1980 :
you get arnold as ben richard ,
the framed fugitive offered a chance to `` run '' for his freedom on the game show with the same title as the movie ;
richard dawson as damon killian ,
treating his role
as if he were the host of family feud with the contestant using real gun ;
jesse ventura as `` captain freedom '' and co-wrestler professor tanaka as `` subzero 
'' both `` stalker ''
who kill the `` running man . ''
even mick fleetwood
( mic )
and dweezil zappa
( stevie )
show up ,
while the `` dancer of the future '' are none other than the laker girl .
this movie screams `` 80s . ''
the plot is a good excuse for the action :
ben richard is determined to prove his innocence ,
but agrees to be the running man
when he is told
that his buddy would be set free ;
instead 
they join him as `` contestant . ''
marium conchita alonzo as amber mandez is the standard
by which one can properly judge salma hayek in the 1990s.the production value on the film was a bit poor ,
the line were cheesy ,
and ( at the time ) 
the plot seemed a bit far-fetched .
i remember thinking
when i was leaving the theater
that we were definitely heading in the direction of the film ,
but who could have seen
how far we 'd go there and how fast ?
if the running man were listed in tv guide ,
most person would assume
it were just another reality show
pushing the envelope today .
the governmant influence on the medium have only gotten worse ,
and the dumbed-down american public of the future
that surrenders all of its freedom for `` national security ''
is downright chilling .
ben richard is played illiantly by arnold as one of the few remaining holdout against a governmant tyranny
that the rest of america is all too willing to accept in return for good television
and some parting gift for the audience.the movie was way over the top 
maybe even off the cliff for its time 
but as with back to the future iii 
the `` ravine '' it appeared to be sinking itself into in 1987 was replaced by completed track in 2006 and beyond ,
and this movie will sail into the future as one of the more prophetic film of our time .
it is tragic that 
as with wargame 
the academy did not give this illiant screenplay the recognition it deserved .
`` serious '' actor acting seriously
while being so pretentious
that you want to throw up may win more oscar ,
but that does not make them better film than their `` common man '' counterpart 
such as this one.an absolute must-see .
