it is hard to watch this movie
without thinking forward to the television show
it would become 
especially if 
like me 
you happen to like the tv show more .
but there is a lot to be said for the source.oscar madison
( walter matthau )
is a top new york city sportswriter
who lives in an eight-room apartmant by himself 
a casualty of divorce and his own stubbornly sloppy mindset .
enter his friend felix ungar
( jack lemmon ) ,
needing a place to live
after his wife threw him out for his stubbornly neatnik mindset .
the result is a train wreck and one of the most beloved movie adaptation of a neil simon stage play.first thing 's first :
i love that apartmant !
poker table 
novelty dart board 
askew photo of baseball player 
empty booze and beer container 
even a pair of roman columns .
it is a place
where man can be boys .
simon and director gene sak do a great job
opening up the stage play 's single set 
oscar 's living room ,
by moving the action into the bedroom and kitchen
and giving the mounting tension between oscar and felix more corner to bounce off of.neal hefti 's familiar score was heard on the tv show ,
but never so sweepingly orchestrated
as it is here ,
in several different arrangemants
that make the on-screen action soar
whenever its played .
real location work and night shot of manhattan give the film an energy common to film shot in that place and time
( `` buddwing 
'' `` the world of henry orient 
'' `` midnight cowboy 
'' `` manchurian candidate 
'' `` rosemary 's baby 
'' etc .
) are lemmon
and matthau too heavy in comparison to tony randall and jack klugman ?
to be fair ,
the movie is meant to be a more serious affair ,
dealing with the then-uncommon condition of mid-life divorce and the frustration inherent
in not being able to make a relationship work .
simon has more in mind
than entering felix and oscar in a game of `` password '' or a battle of wit with howard cosell .
but i do not know ...
both lemmon and matthau were terrific comedian i enjoy
watching especially in the middle of this film
as i often do in their separate movie ,
but i never understood
why they were regarded as a great comedy team .
here 
in their best-regarded partnership 
they seem to be acting in two different film ; lemmon in a comedy-drama and matthau in a farce .
matthau is great in the beginning ,
charming us with his teddy-bear demeanor around the poker table ,
but near the end of the film he takes a turn much like jack torrance 's in `` the shining 
''
reacting to felix cleaning up his apartmant and serving tasty food to his friend in a way
that totally upsets the delicate balance of blame.while the ending bother me ,
the part many see as the most jarring 
the beginning 
works fine
as i see it .
watching felix stumbling around
trying to kill himself
is not great comedy 
no ,
but it is a good way
to get into a great comedy ,
setting us up with some real-life pain
before inging in the warmth and laughter .
( plus it has some great shot of the seedier part of the city . )
in the middle of the movie 
this scene would have been a miscalculation ,
but it works as a way
of establishing felix 's tormant and a sense of sharp relief
to come
when we see oscar and his poker friend bicker and feud.that is where simon 's line are so great .
they are the underlying strength of the film .
he gets the banter exactly right and real ,
and still makes it funny .
`` i do not mind you talking 
felix .
you got thing to say .
what is scaring me is i am beginning to listen . ''
the tv show showed
how wrong it is to assume
the movie is always better ,
in fact the tv show once made a good point about `` assuming '' anything at all ,
but the movie makes for a solid foundation
and is a joy in its own right .
