live feed is set in some unnamed chinese/japanese asian district somewhere as five american friend 
sarah
( ashley schappert ) ,
emily
( taayla markell ) ,
linda
( caroline chojnacki ) ,
mike
( lee tichon )
and darren
( rob scattergood )
are enjoying a night on the town
and taking in the sight .
after a scuffle in a bar with a japanese triad boss
( stephen chang )
they decide to check out a porno theatre ,
as you would .
inside they are separated
and quickly find out that the place belongs to the triad boss
who uses it to torture
and kill person for reason
which are not made clear .
can local boy mile
( kevan ohtsji )
save them ?
this canadian production was co-written ,
produced and directed by ryan nicholson
who also gets a prosthetic effect designer credit as well ,
one has to say
that live feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film
that seems to exist only to cash in on the notoriety and success of hostel
( 2005 )
and the mini craze for 'torture porn ' as it is become known .
according the imdb 's 'trivia ' section for live feed writer and director nicholson wrote
it after hearing about certain activity
taking place in live sex theatre ,
for my money i reckon
he wrote it
after watching hostel !
the script is pretty poor ,
there is no basic reason
given as to why this porno theatre has a big fat ugly freak
dressed in bondage gear lurking around torturing and killing person 
none .
was it for the triad ?
was it for his pleasure ?
was it to make snuff film
to sell ?
some sort of explanation would have been nice .
also why did he turn on the triad boss at the end ?
if your looking for a film with a coherent story
then forget about live feed .
it seemed to me to be some sort of uneasy misjudged mix of sex 
sandm 
horror 
torture 
gore and action film
which does not come off .
i mean just setting a horror film in a porn theatre is not automatically going to make your film any good ,
there still needs to be a decent script and story 
right ?
the character 's were fairly poor clich\u00e9s
and some of their action and motivation were more than a little bit questionable .
it moves along at a reasonable pace ,
it is fairly sleazy mixing gore 
sex and nudity
but it does look cheap
which lessens the effect.director nicholson does not do anything special here ,
the editing is choppy and annoying ,
he seems to think
lighting almost every scene with neon light is a good idea
and the film has a cheap look about it .
available in both 'r ' and 'unrated ' version i saw the shorter cut 'r ' version
which really is not that gory but i am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'unrated ' version
and say
that it might be much ,
much gorier but i can not say for sure .
there is a fair amount of nudity too
if that is your thing .
i would not say
there is much of an atmosphere or many scare here
because there is not
and are not respectively
although it does have a sleazy tone in general
which is something
it has going for it i suppose.technically live feed is not terribly impressive ,
the blood looks a little too watery for my liking and entire scene bathed in annoying neon light sometime makes it hard to tell what happening ,
it to often looks like it was shot on a hand-held camcorder and the choppy editing at least on the 'r ' rated version is at time an annoying mess .
shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in vancouver in canada .
the acting is poor ,
sometime i could not tell
if the actress in this were supposed to be crying or laughing ...
live feed is not a film i would recommend anyone to rush out and buy or rent ,
i did not think much of it with it is very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition
and which goes nowhere 
poor acting and less than impressive gore
( at least in the 'r ' rated cut anyway ) .
watch either hostel film again or instead
as they are superior .
