if you were a director
that was looking to cast female victim for a slasher movie ,
then surely
it would make sense
to add a couple of porn star ?
it is not as if
they are inexperienced in front of the camera ,
they have no qualms with the requisite nudity
and how many unattractive porn queen can you name ?
christian viel obviously recognized the potential
of mixing hardcore actress with hard-gore effect
and so he cast four of adult cinema 's sexiest and most notorious star .
jenna jameson 
chasey lain 
ginger lynn allen and taylor haye all turn up for cameos in arguably the most intriguing slasher flick
to be released
since scream reinvigorated the genre.samhain was originally intended for a cinema release in october 2002 -
thus keeping in check with the halloween-based synopsis .
unfortunately 
the shoot was plagued by numerous problem ,
which have thus prevented the feature from achieving the exposure
that it deserves .
last i heard
it had been signed by film 2000 here in the uk
and was penned for a late october release direct to dvd .
unfortunately that label has got a peerlessly abysmal track record with dtv slasher .
not content with polluting our shelve with camp blood and its follow up ,
they were also responsible for unleashing granny 
bleed and the rancid paranoid .
could samhain finally be worthwhile ammunition to their contemptible catalogue cannon ?
five canadian/american student and their teacher head to southern ireland as part of their history course .
upon arrival they are told the legend of a cannibalistic clan
that roamed the hill of scotland and murdered local for food .
the cannibal were eventually caught and burnt at the stake ,
but it is rumored that one of the tribe escaped and headed to the woodland of ireland
to find refuge .
after the kid have settled
and begun doing what all massacre-fodder does in these flick 
the mandatory goody two-shoe
( and definite heroine candidate )
begins to be spooked by a shadow creeping around late at night .
could it be that the flesh hungry maniac is still at large in the forest ?
well what do you think ?
it looks
as if samhain 's production was jinxed right from the start .
almost immediately wallmart refused to develop jenna jameson 's nude make-up shot ,
and chasey lain began acting characteristically like a drugged-out primadonna .
finally to add insult to injury ,
the producer got cold foot
just before the flick was about to hit shelve
and began talking of re-editing
and removing all the gore .
report have said
that they were unhappy about the copious amount of violence
and they wanted to trim scene down
so it would achieve an r rating .
veil of course disagreed 
seeing
how his entire synopsis was boosted by its creatively graphic display .
eventually after month of argument 
the director parted company with warehouse production and the feature was once again locked in the vaults.despite countless disruption ,
veil 's slasher opus is still one of the best genre piece
to be released since the new millennium .
the copy i was sent was the pre-release screener ,
which was obviously a test press
without sound effect or the complete soundtrack .
but still it boasted a few credible jump-scare 
some superb cinematography and a couple of the goriest set piece
that i have seen for some time .
one guy is disemboweled via his rectum
before being strangled with his own intestine ,
jenna jameson is stripped naked and gutted in unflinching close up
and chasey lain ends up 'spilling her gut '
after an unfortunate rescue attempt from her boyfriend
( richard grieco ) .
even though the murder are uncommonly gruesome ,
samhain never feel mean spirited ,
which is basically due to the character
being thinly
portrayed as basic slasher clich\u00e9s .
in all honesty the script was perhaps the movie biggest downfall ,
because the dialogue was not so much inspired by wes craven 's scream movie
as it was flagrantly cut
and pasted from them.certainly the inclusion of the mouth-watering jenna jameson was a great move by the producer .
her fan will be excited to know
that she does whip off her top
( as expected )
and so does chasey lain and taylor haye .
but samhain is no soft porn movie ,
and it benefit from sticking to the structure
that it set out to produce .
it is worth noting
that the aforementioned xxx star almost out-perform the supposed 'actor ' of the feature ,
which is not much of a complement .
ginger lynn was at least notable
( if you ignore the shameful 'oirish accent ) ,
and her battle with the hulking killer was superbly performed and choreographed by alan chou .
taylor and jenna delivered expectedly poor dramatic ,
which could have been caused by the numerous problem on-set .
veil 's direction of the cinematography was excellently constructed
and he provides some much-needed injection of suspense .
exciting and crisp photography is mixed with a good flair for storytelling
and the net result is a slasher extravaganza
to satisfy
even the most critical gore hounds.it will be interesting to see what kind of final cut is released of samhain .
rumor has it
that a second director was drafted in to shoot a different ending ,
and i am curious
as to how much of the explicit gore will remain intact for worldwide distribution .
if the end result is only half as good as the rough print
that i watched ,
then it is still better than nearly all of the genre piece
that have been unleashed over the past ten year .
this one is certainly worth checking out
