what a complete piece of trash .
plot notwithstanding ,
when a movie 's action revolves around airplane ,
you would think the writers/producers/director
( or anyone ! )
would do a little bit of homework as to at least a few of the detail .
the mistake were so glaring
that i was fuming by the end of the movie .
here are just a few :
i am glad i missed
the sr-71 sequence - certain to have been worse than the `` air force one '' f-117 spectacle .
commercial airline usually have their logo painted on the aircraft
rather than boeing 747 \u0096 likely the
( cheap )
use of some boeing advertising/publicity footage by the director .
exposed wiring
connected by wire nut
is mediocre at best for house wiring 
much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionic wiring .
airplane like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than ship 's supply oxygen
to maintain eathable air ,
and
if they did rely on an on-board supply ,
the canister would be far bigger than fist sized .
medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded hose connection .
those were f-16s 
not f-15s .
mach 1+
( speed of sound )
would be difficult to attain on a static engine run up for takeoff
( watch the airspeed indicator ) .
`` standard formation '' is simply keeping the formation inside one nautical mile ,
`` route '' formation is what they were flying - not the most useful formation for an intercept .
`` acquiring missile lock '' is not likely to get an airline pilot 's attention -
they have no radar detection or countermeasure .
`` wait for my signal '' is not inter-flight communication
for preparing to fire anything .
depressurization from a door opening in flight is not ground for an immediate steep left bank .
yelling into a headset does not make it transmit .
magnetic heading are given as `` heading '' not `` bearing 
''
and heading are between 001 and 360 degree
( compass in the air are just like compass on the ground !
) ,
so turning left
( not `` port '' \u0096
that is a boat thing )
from a `` bearing '' of 618 to 502 is just stupid .
it is in most case impossible to just `` turn the yoke left
until the correct heading is reached '' \u0096
that sort of thing will result in 360 degree roll
until the yoke is centered again .
the likelihood of a flight attendant immediately finding
and successfully engaging the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood of her actually landing the jet safely .
airplane do not stall immediately upon
pulling the throttle back ,
and 747s have more than one little lever to control the multi-engine thrust .
flap are lowered in increment
usually just prior to and immediately following landing gear extension 
not seconds before landing
( good way to crash ) .
wheel ake are required to stop an airplane ,
simply pulling the throttle
( s )
( this time a different lever in the movie )
to idle will just allow you to go off the end of the runway at a slower speed .
did i mention
that those fighter aircraft were f-16s and not f-15s ?
guess i did
and that is just what i remember from recently watching this horrific movie .
