simply awful slasher 
molded from the i know
what you did last summer type of fodder ,
has beautiful wealthy college student spending spring eak in a florida condo
being murdered one by one .
a misfire in every category imaginable from properly built suspense to the executed death sequences..nothing
is handled properly
and the character leave little more than caricature you root to see decimated as quick as possible .
del tenney
( the curse of the living corpse ;
i eat your skin ) ,
of all person 
executive produced 
co-wrote 
and star as a priest in a pivotal role
whose relationship to the killer i
guess means something to why
he is psychotic .
the revelation of the killer is awkwardly handled and ineffective 
probably not surprising a soul
who watches it .
there are a lot of attempted jump scare 
with one character popping out to frighten their friend ,
which could not even manufacture a few cheap thrill ,
because they are so calculated in such a tepid way .
most of the attack occur off-screen with bleeding throat cut
( ..or pool )
representing the only real display of violence .
the protracted finale ,
where the killer goes on and on with the actor desperately
trying to make his villain as diabolical and demented as possible ,
is embarrassing and tense-less .
there is not one single positive to derive from this clich\u00e9d and dull exercise with the pretty cast making little effort
to rise past their one-dimensional role .
and 
for pity sake 
they could have at least allowed us to see joey lawrence get decapitated or something for withstanding the misery of sitting through this junk heap for 90 agonizing minutes.dorie barton 
as the heroine final girl 
beth morgan ,
who the killer seems to be obsessed with ,
could not be more vacuous and uninteresting
( ..oh ,
she was in rehab ,
and takes pill for her nightmare ; such intriguing exposition ) .
chad allen 
cast against type as a very intimidating `` friend '' of the group
( ..who happens to disappear from the film first ,
setting up the idea
that he is the first victim ) ,
has a tough hill
to climb with his role ,
so steep he eventually stumbles ,
rolling uncontrollably with no end in sight .
jeff conaway ,
needing some cash i guess ,
has the beleaguered fbi agent role ,
whose daughter 's murder motivates him to seek out the killer ,
leading him to florida .
jack mcgee has his usual a $ $ hole role as a smart-mouth florida police chief
who is often nose to nose with conaway 's agent.oh 
the answer to the title 's question..not really .
because once you get the answer ,
you will wonder why you bothered with this anyway .
