this movie is all ultra-lightweight fluff 
predictable from beginning to end .
as a don knott vehicle 
`` the incredible mr. limpet '' was much better ,
with knott 's character there not nearly as incompetent or ignorant .
his performance there was toned down 
with none of his trademark goggle-eyed stare ,
although that may have something to do with him
being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish .
knott made a living
of playing the likable imbecile ,
much as bob denver did .
neither really seemed to be able to eak out to other type of role ,
assuming
they were simply typecast .
it was probably because of the slouch 
the wild stare and the high-pitched voice .
john ritter ,
whom knott
worked with in `` three 's company 
''
was able to transcend his genre ,
anching out successfully into dramatic role like `` the dreamer of oz 
''
but the closest knott ever got was a small role in `` pleasantville . ''
even leslie nielsen was a bad fit here ,
uncomfortably neither straight dramatic actor
as he was at the time nor deadpan comedic actor
as he later became in `` airplane ! ''
and `` police squad .
`` there is also no way
the then-43 year-old knott could pass for a 35 year-old ,
as his character insisted
he was .
it was as ludicrously unbelievable as tom hank at 38
playing the college-age forrest gump.the film
was clearly made on a shoestring budget ,
very much looking like a hastily-filmed tv episode .
it is especially evident in the `` exterior '' scene of the `` town ''
where roy goes
after he is fired .
it is unlikely even a pre-schooler would be fooled by the mayberry-like soundstage artificiality.even viewing this strictly as a child 's movie ,
it is very disappointing .
it is not because it lacks action or special effect ,
although it does .
the pace is much too slow 
the situation repetitive .
how many time can you watch roy getting onto a bus ?
a comedy for kid should at least sometime be madcap 
with eakneck gag ,
otherwise you risk boring them
( and any adult in the theater as well ) .
movie 
even kid 's movie 
have improved quite a bit in the intervening decade .
even many contemporary comedy were better filmed and written .
disney 's `` the love bug 
'' for instance 
at least had some interesting race action .
