i knew
it was not gunna work out between me and d-war from the momant we met .
first its title was lazy .
d war .
like writing out dragon was too much for them .
also ... you really can not be that blatant with your title unless your blue monkey .
blue monkey can do whatever the hell
it wants .
the second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the story 's insane progression .
here is the film 
dreamy reporter guy report on big snake track 
flash back to a time he and dad wandered into what must have been the competition for the store in gremlin and dreamy kid reporter finds a box that glows .
old shop keep reveal several terrible truth .
that bauraki a supposedly evil snake was cheated out of his chance
to be a god .
tells the kid
that he is a reincarnated warrior
and that somewhere in la is his reincarnated lover
and gives him a junk piece of jewelry .
shop keep also reveal
that despite his obvious whiteness he is a 500 year old asian .
fifteen year later dreamy reporter remember this perfectly
and starts acting half crazy
trying to find this random girl .
cgi hijink follow and in the last ten minute my ain melt out of my nose .
why ?
continue on dear reader
if you have the ball.so sarah ,
the reincarnated lover 
has her own flashback .
i have the benefit
of having an asian best friend and in the scene
where she starts to freak out
and make a bunch of poster with asian character on them
he tells me
that whoever made this movie
has no idea what their doing .
its a korean legend
and she is reincarnated from a korean princess
but everything is in chinese .
later
that night her dragon tat starts to hurt ,
she calls the police cause
it looks like
she is having a heart attack .
see 
in this mixed up crazy world they apparently handle heart attack differently
because the next time we see her
she is locked in her room with a guard outside and a nurse claims
she is crazy .
i have a new phobia now ,
and its that
if i am ever
in trouble the first responder will just assume i am crazy .
i have another point of contention with my harsh mistress 
dwar .
there is a scene
when patrick dempsey jr
( dreamy reporter )
is in a caf\u00e9 ' with sassy black friend .
in the scene prior miffed near divinity bauraki has killed an elephant 
slithered through a suburb
and killed one of sarah 's friend .
see 
person were afraid to come out after 9-11 happened
but we must have all toughened up
after that deciding coffee and pastry were worth risking our life for .
business as usual 
no way a giant snake will stop me from getting my caffeine on .
if i stay inside and fear for my life the terrorist and serpentine divinity win .
after being given a satisfying dragon on helicopter battle my cruel lover dwar treat me to a pi $ $ and vinegar filled scene
to end it all with .
bauraki has a fortress of his own and its right under la i guess .
they do not really say
but dreamy reporter and sarah get knocked out in a car crash
that would kill lesser man
and when they wake up 
yep dragon palace .
some retarded dialog later a good dragon snake god pops out of nowhere and the snake wrestle/make love whatever .
and i am not kidding good snake out of nowhere .
maybe you think
i am blowing it out of proportion ,
i am not there is no mantion of this thing in the movie
then suddenly ... there !
few second later and good dragon becomes dragon god ,
set baurki on fire ,
sarah turns into a ghost
and goes with dragon-god ,
dreamy reporter left in the middle of nowhere roll credit ...
thank godnow our relationship as rocky
as it was had its good time .
there was a guy
that look like shredder from turtle
and talked exactly like a tuskan raider from star war .
i will call him tuskan shredder .
he could do whatever
he wanted
whenever
he
wanted to it just could
never be useful .
he could walk through a wall in a scene
where that was not helpful .
he could go in your dream
when that would not do any good
and he could light ten random soldier guy on fire
but not when it mattered .
he was also allergic to touching that junk jewelry .
i like him cause
he was hit by a car twice in the same scene
and made fantastic tuskan raider noise .
the actor for the most part were great ...
if great somehow meant terrible .
jason behr ,
whom i thought
was awesome in roswell i slowly find out can only act one way
and that is pretentious 
spacey and patrick dempsey '' ish '' .the one thing i
love about this filthy prostitute dwar
is its lead actor 
bauraki .
that giant snake acted his heart out .
i would dare to say
that he was better at playing a cgi serpentine demi-god of evil
then john barrymore was at playing richard the iii or hamlet .
there was emotion in every scene ,
stealing the thunder from his lesser mortal supporting cast .
when he ate an elephant i felt like no one past ,
present or future would ever eat an elephant with as much feeling .
he was more then an actor ,
he was a force of nature
and he put his heart and soul into every second of this cursed project .
yes damn it ,
my favorite actor in this film was a cgi snake .
i have got the ball
to admit
that 
do you ? here is to hoping bauraki get 's more work
and is not type cast ,
that jason behr finds a range of emotion other then dreamy stare ,
and that i never have to watch blue monkey again .
so 
d-war its over .
i want my cd back
and let 's just be friend
