`` the true story of the friendhip
that shook south africa
and awakened the world . ''
richard attenborough ,
who directed `` a bridge too far '' and `` gandhi '' ,
wanted to ing the story of steve biko to life ,
and the journey and trouble
that journalist donald wood went through in order to get his story told .
the films uses wood 's two book
for it is information and basis - `` biko ''
and `` asking for trouble '' .the film takes place in the late 1970 's 
in south africa .
south africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid ,
which keeps the black separated from the white and classifies the white as the superior race .
the black are forced to live in shantytown on the outskirt of the city and town ,
and they come under frequent harassmant by the polouse and the army .
we are shown a dawn raid on a shantytown ,
as bulldozer and armed polouse force their way through the camp beating
and even killing the inhabitant .
then we are introduced to donald wood
( kevin kline ) ,
who is the editor of a popular newspaper .
after publishing a negative story about black activist steve biko
( denzel washington ) ,
wood goes to meet with him .
the two are wary of each other at first ,
but they soon become good friend
and biko shows the horror of the apartheid system from a black person point of view to wood .
this encourages wood
to speak out against what
is happening around him ,
and makes him desperate to ing steve biko 's story out of the clutch of the white man 's south africa and to the world .
soon 
steve biko is arrested
and is killed in prison .
now wood and his family are daring to escape from south africa to england ,
where wood can publish his book about steve biko and the apartheid.when i first heard of `` cry freedom '' ,
i was under the impression
that it was a movie completely dedicated to the life of steve biko .
i had never actually heard of steve biko
before i seen this film ,
as the event in this film were really before my time .
but it is more about the story of donald wood and his journey across the border into lesotho
as he tried to elude the south african official .
wood was put on a five year type house arrest
after steve biko was killed .
so in order to publish his manuscript on steve biko ,
he had to escape .
because the manuscript would be considered treason in south africa
and that could have resulted in wood meeting a fate similar to that of biko 's .
the real donald wood and his wife acted as consultant to this film.denzel washington is only in the film for the first hour ,
and i was disappointed with that as i was expecting to see him for the entire movie .
but he was amazing as steve biko ,
and captured his personality from what i have read really well and his accent sounded perfect .
his performance earned him an oscar nomination for best supporting actor .
kevin kline deliver a excellent and thought-evoking performance as donald wood ,
and penelope wilton is excellent
as his wife wendy.filming took place in zimbabwe ,
as needless to say problem arose
when they tried to film it in south africa .
while in south africa 
the south african gestapo followed the film crew everywhere ,
so they got the bad vibe
and they pulled out
and went to neighbouring zimbabwe instead .
despite everything ,
and the fact
that the apartheid did not end 'til seven year later ,
`` cry freedom '' was not banned in south africa .
but cinemas
showing the movie
received bomb threats.richard attenborough ings the horror of the apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination .
he does not hold back at the end of the movie
when showing what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by student in a shantytown ,
turns into a massacre
when polouse open fire on them .
the film ends with the name of all the anti-apartheid mover
who died in prison ,
and the explanation for their death .
many had `` no explanation '' .
quite a few were `` epilepsy '' ,
which is hard to believe ,
and many more either fell from the top of the stair or were `` suicide from hanging '' .
no one will ever know what really happened to them ,
but i think
it is fair to say that none of these man died at their own hand 
but at the hand of other ;
or to be more precise 
at the hand of the polouse .
`` cry freedom '' is a must-see movie
for it is portrayal and story of steve biko .
it is also a searing and devastating portrayal of a beautiful land divided and in the hellish grip of racial segregation and violence .
