paperhouse is the most moving and poignant film i
have ever seen .
often classed as a `` horror movie '' this ,
i believe ,
is a grave error .
some journo once called it `` the thinking person 's nightmare on elm street ''
and while i accept the logic of his conclusion i can not help but think
it is a tag
that is ill deserved and misleading .
those
that can only see horror
are truly missing out here
and only serves to demonstrate
they are really not thinking at all .
in fact 
just attempting to classify this wonderful work is probably a bad idea .
quite simply 
paperhouse is perfect in every exquisite detail
and will always have a special place in my heart .
as someone wiser
than me once said ,
`` the film hits you on a completely emotional level '' ,
which may go some way
to explaining
why my comment are so unrelentingly gushing .
to be honest ,
i make no apology for this so
if you feel
my word are too saccharine for your taste ,
stop reading now
because there is more to come .
it is so rare to find a film
that has at its heart the pain and heartache of childhood and the struggle
to overcome the dreadful feeling of isolation and loneliness
that can completely overwhelm us at this fragile time in our life .
even more unusual to find child actor
who can actually play their role with the sensitivity and intelligence required
to make it all work .
in charlotte burke and elliott spier we had an inspired piece of casting
and the lasting impact of paperhouse owes much to their ability
to portray the melancholy and alienation of childhood
( often overlooked )
in a seamless and convincing way .
and yet both of these illiant young star seemed to have slipped through the grasp of the studio
and have somehow faded away .
add to all this an incredibly talented director
( bernard rose ) ,
imaginative cinematography and the most beautiful and haunting soundtrack you are ever likely to hear
and you may start to get an inkling of why i have such affection and affinity for this film
that no amount of word can express .
