this film tries to be immensely clever ,
and tarantino-like
before you try that though ,
you need solid filmic fundamental .
these include good sound 
editing ,
set design etc ... let talk about the sound in this movie .
absolutely atrocious .
i have never been more distracted by a sound track 
everand
before we talk about low budget ,
film made in chile etc.. let bear in mind
that desent sound these day is far more achievable
than it ever has been .
anywhere .
and more info on technique is available then ever beforethe sound in this movie is plain bad .
the foley in particular is out of place and inappropriate throughout ,
the atmos is equally terrible .
i heard at least four loud click during the movie ,
which are the result of poor sound editing .
the sound inside car is awful ,
the sound of car door closing is awful .
the sound of the lady singing is wrong .
foley is either overboard ,
or simply not there like the sound person just got bored
and gave up .
the space are wrong .
everything about it is wrong and yet ,
not letting limitation of creativity get in the way ,
at the same time the movie tries boldly to be clever .
for example the sound of the aquarium is used in the following street scene .
we hear sound
when we are not supposed to .
sound edit precede visual cut .
every trick in the book is used ,
and yet the foundation are just not thereediting-wise we have scene
using heavy jump cut ,
we have tinkering around with the time line etc etc etc 
yawn .
all of these technique are imitated to a splendidly low standard overall the mix is crap ,
the sound is crap .
and so 
the film is crap .
how can a movie with so many fundamental flaw be considered for award and high praise ?
chile 's cinematic new wave ?
the best creative output
that chile has to offer ?
i hope not ,
and i think
not.my theory is that chile 's more selective and better talent avoided this film like the plague maybe due to its risqu\u00e9 content .
equally 
the film has likely received so much unwarranted critical acclaim from so called 'world-cinema ' enthusiast for the same grubby reason .
they likely revel in it is trashiness .
of course film critic rarely pay attention to technical detail
and quality this film is rubbish .
it is all mouth and no trouser
and is never deserving of a 6.8 rating .
the film has all the production quality of a cheap tarantino 
new wave inspired porno !
