ignoring
( if possible )
the tediously gratuitous marijuana smoking
( which seems to be mandatory in australian government-funded film )
the cast of this movie gives a reasonably credible performance .
that is a far
as it goes .
the rest is simply awful .
the plot 's overburdened with `` wow '' symbolism
which are meant to look good on film but go nowhere .
a gross example is the giant peach float ,
obviously left over from a town parade
and donated by the local canning factory .
it was just too tempting to waste what was hopefully a free 
but nevertheless irrelevant 
prop !
the peach is given a cursory 
unexplained wash-down at one stage
but that is where it ends.similarly 
the contrived `` black spot '' road sign
where steph 's parent were killed ,
is intended to symbolize the eventual escape from her past 
but her escape to what ?
she is had a pretty good deal
where she was ,
especially considering her visual disability and the unending 
loving patience and care of her understanding young female guardian.the guinness ' prize for corny melodrama 
however 
goes to the characterization of alan .
alan successfully aspires to the noble role of trade union shop steward but `` rat '' on his fellow worker
by becoming a supervisor for a wicked multi-national - hiss !
hiss !
as a supervisor 
alan performs the boss ' villainous dirty work .
he implements redundancy until 
surprise 
surprise ,
the whole plant is closed
and alan himself is left as a pathetic 
unemployed failure .
no clich\u00e9-free zone here 
mate !
not only this ,
but alan also loses the seductive steph from the most unlikely relationship
you would encounter .
if you think
the plot is melodramatic and didactic ,
do not ask about detail .
what is the significance of the shaving cream on steph 's seductive leg ?
why does not the hotel ,
where the couple makes love ,
eventually twig
that someone 's gaining illegal entry to one of its grandest bedroom and 
among other pandemonium ,
the sheet are regularly soiled - quite spectacularly on one occasion .
summing this movie up in one word :
avoid 
avoid 
avoid .
