watching truth about love
( is this a double entendre about the star ? )
is like plugging in white noise or manufactured water sounds
to help you sleep -
you put it in the dvd slot
because there is nothing else left on the store shelve
and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day .
and it works for that for that purpose :
being a british romantic comedy
it is a bit more.the story
is a rather simple one about a wife alice
( jennifer love hewitt )
married to an increasingly distant husband sam
( jimi mistry )
who has put their love life on hold due to the burden of his busy law practice .
his partner archie
( dougray scott )
is fond of both sam and alice ,
but has a longtime attraction to alice
that goes beyond friendship .
alice pal with her sister felicity
( kate mile ) ,
a free love advocate ,
who encourages alice to have affair .
on valentine 's day 
after a drinking binge with her sister 
alice mail a card to sam signed 'anonymous ' as a test
to see
if sam respond ,
testing his fidelity .
at the same time archie mail a radish seed packet to alice
on which he has inscribed a suggestive love not .
both have ex post facto regret .
sam in fact is spending time with a lover katya
( branka katic )
and is indeed cheating on alice .
alice arrange assignation with sam via email and phone call and plan
to meet sam in disguise as 'anonymous ' to test his fidelity .
the entire cast of character gets caught up in the silly charade and the ending prove
that real love must be based on truth -
and how
that result in the various pairing is the surprise
( of sort )
of the fluffy script.british comedy work
because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting .
perhaps had director john hay elected to cast a british actress as alice instead of pasting a phony accent on jennifer love
hewitt
the result may have been improved .
but in the end this story by peter bloore bounce between mildly humorous and pathetic in its message .
one terrible distraction is a musical score
that is consistently so loud
that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive .
there are some nice scene of london and a few moment of passable humor ,
but in the end this little film is truly best utilized as background music/white noise .
grady harp
