as was to be expected ,
a mazursky film
made in the 70
would be counter-culture ,
sympathetic towards the hippie -
and have a lot of hippie in it - and 
naturally ,
it is childishly anti-authoritarian
( e.g .
the scene on the mexican border ,
when sutherland provokes a custom 's officer
by showing little respect
and then accuses the latter of making him open his luggage
only because he ( sutherland )
has long hair ) .
the constant left-wing dribble could have gotten on my nerve had i not been prepared for it beforehand ;
sutherland muses aloud to his family and friend about potential movie idea for his next film ,
and most of these idea are either about black or indian
( needless to say ,
he would be welcomed with open arm in today 's hollywood ) .
one of his movie idea is about a black uprising in beverly hill
- a race-war 
so-to-speak ,
in the middle of l.a.. this is the kind of nonsense
that mazursky think
about when writing script for his movie .
fortunately 
some of sutherland 's hippie friend make fun of this black-revolution premise ,
and the resulting dialogue is not bad ;
a little later 
the jewish guy makes a crack about sutherland
making a movie about `` masturbation and the black problem '' ,
when the latter starts talking about masturbation .
another funny moment is when sutherland 's older daughter performs some pc crap on stage with her white school-mate ,
and they all say :
`` we 
the black person of the republic of south africa ... '' .there is always a certain amount of self-indulgence
when hollywood makes a movie about hollywood -
especially when it is hollywood making a movie about hollywood
discussing hollywood doing movie .
now 
that is very 
very self-indulgent 
indeed .
the scene with fellini
( playing himself )
is more amusing than annoying 
though .
mazursky throw in the standard flower-children and anti-vietnam bullshit into the soup ,
and also pokes fun at corporate hollywood ,
but he was/is just as much a part of the `` phony hollywood ''
( lyric from that song in the surreal war segment )
as anyone else ;
i am pretty sure
that he 
too 
makes phony small-talk in beverly hill party and grin fakely
while shaking the hand of person
whom he either does not know or like ,
but whose money he wants badly for his next
( left-wing )
project .
as for his hair :
he has the worst hair
i have seen in a very long time
( on film or elsewhere ) ;
it is sort of like the kind of long hair
that a middle-aged accountant would have
if he grew it long .
the film remains relatively interesting in spite of its aimlessness ,
but it bogs down somewhat into tedium in the last third .
if you would like to read my parody/biography of donald sutherland
( and other hollywood actor ) ,
contact me by e-mail .
