i had to walk out on this film fifteen minute from the end ...
having passed through the cringe stage and into pure boredom .
what really horrifies me ,
i mean truly disturbs me ,
is that there are person
referring to this aimless drivel as 'delightful ' or a 'must see . '
i would feel deep pity for those
so afflicted were it not for the distinct impression
that most of the positive comment about this shallow and humourless travesty were written by industry plants.the truth
is this is a lame film
that does nothing to entertain nor enlighten .
it is decidedly unfunny 
poorly scripted
and has all the pace and energy of cold 
canned rice pudding .
to be kind to ms kramer ,
the best one can say
is it was a missed opportunity ,
for having read the synopsis
before i watched it ,
i had expected something more challenging .
the possible misinterpretation of a close other and sister co-dependence 
the unexpected awakening of 'sisterly ' sexuality 
and the comic potential in such sibling rivalry
( for the affection of the same girl )
were all obvious subject for refreshing comedic exploration ,
yet which at every turn the movie frustratingly shies away from.instead ,
the audience is subjected to a meandering series of uninspired and insipidly drawn situation 
with clich\u00e9d characterisation and dull performance from a cast struggling for belief
and obviously in need of much tighter direction .
the lack of directorial control seems astounding ; on the one hand 
moynahan 
cavanagh and spacek all give very pedestrian performance ,
while heather graham and molly shannon - the latter in particular - veer towards embarrassing over-compensation at time .
one could lay the blame for this on the director -
maybe sue kramer hope
that if her actor over-act 
they will force a bigger laugh from the audience .
but then again 
the cast is a veteran one ;
one would expect them to do better.sue kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movie
she wants to make ,
and for whom .
given the possible issue gray matter allude to ,
and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy ,
perhaps she should consider writing dramas instead .
i know
it is never easy to make film about woman and woman 's issue ,
especially when one hope to reach a wider audience than woman alone ,
but whatever direction
she takes ,
inconsequential and flimsy character like gray are not going to cut mustard .
