there is no denying
the first azumi film was a commercial product ;
it was an adaptation of a popular manga
and had cast of young ,
attractive actor and certainly was not lacking in the budget department .
yet it more than entertained for what it was ,
and i can not deny i enjoyed it immensely .
`` azumi 2 '' lack just about everything
that made the original so wonderful .
the first thing
that should set alarm bell ringing
is the absence of the superb ryuhei kitamura at the helm .
with him 
he seemed to take not only his own visual flair and kinetic 
but the original style 
beauty and most importantly 
its heart .
while the first had a simple `` hitlist '' plot ,
this one has a corkscrew mess of a story 
with too many dull character stabbing each other in the back
so many time the potential for any sympathy or pathos is obliterated .
gone is the effective interplay between the lead character ;
azumi and her cohort are often reduced to a bunch of stroppy teenager
arguing in a forest .
characterisation is non existent ;
if anyone watching actually care
who lives
and who dies ,
i will be shocked .
the same apply to the villain here .
the final battle -
in fact all the battle - are completely devoid of any sort of tension .
the fact
that they are poorly choreographed and abysmally directed -
not to mention few and far between -
is made a sideline by their own sheer pointlessness .
the villain themselves try far too hard to be campy ,
and
even if they were all combined ,
they do not come within a country mile of the pete burnsian antic of jo odagiri in the original. # # # # major spoiler at end of paragraph ! # # # # # aya ueto tries her best
it has to be said ,
and she also managed to keep her hair in good condition between the film .
azumi is now a fully fledged assassin ,
meaning she can wave her sword around in slow motion ;
unfortunately ,
now the character is instilled with a sort of man with no name style mysteriousness ,
ueto 's model looks become even more inappropriate .
i know
this is supposed to be the point ,
but this combined with the ineffectiveness of everyone else in the film ,
the stupidity of the plot and the general ineptness of the film in general mean it is downright impossible to get behind her character this time around .
the less said about chiaki `` remember me from kill bill '' kuriyama 's performance the better ;
it suffices to say her `` turn '' from good to evil is about as subtle as napalm.overall ,
this was just a colossal disappointment .
any merit is does have were done ten time better in the first film .
a lazy 
unsatisfying - and generally downright boring - mess .
