the vigilante has long held a fascination for audience ,
inasmuch
as it evokes a sense of swift 
sure justice ;
good triumphs over evil and the bad guy gets his desert .
it is 
in fact 
one of the thing
that has made the character of dirty harry callahan
( as played by clint eastwood )
so popular .
he carries a badge and works within the law ,
but at heart 
harry is a vigilante 
meting out justice `hi ' way ,
which often puts him in conflict with his own superior ,
as well as the criminal he is pursuing .
but it is what draws the audience ;
anyone
who 's ever been bogged down in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another ,
delight in seeing someone cut through the red tape
and get on with it
-- even if it is only on the screen .
and that satisfaction derived from seeing justice done
-- and quickly --
is one of the element
that makes `sudden impact 
' directed by and starring eastwood 
so successful .
in this one 
the fourth of the series ,
while working a homicide 
harry encounter a bona fide vigilante at work
-- an individual whose and of justice parallel his own 
with one exception :
whoever it is ,
he is definitely not carrying a badge.in his own inimitable way ,
inspector callahan has once again ended up on the bad side of the department
and is ordered to take some vacation time .
so he does ;
as only `dirty harry ' can .
in a small town north of san francisco 
harry finds himself smack dab in the middle of a homicide case ,
which he quickly links to a recent murder in san francisco
because of the unique m.o .
employed by the perpetrator .
unaccountably 
harry encounter resistance from the local police chief 
janning
( pat hingle ) ,
who advises him to take his big city tactic and method elsewhere .
not one to be deterred 
however 
harry continues his investigation ,
which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist 
jennifer spencer
( sondra locke ) .
gradually 
harry discover a link between the victim ;
the burning question 
though 
is where does jennifer spencer fit into the picture ? eastwood is in top form here ,
both in front of and behind the camera ,
and it is arguably the second best of the five-film series ,
right behind the original `dirty harry . '
it had been seven year since the last `harry ' offering
( `the enforcer 
' 1976 ) ,
but eastwood step right back into the character with facility and renewed vigor .
and this one definitely benefit from having him in the director 's chair ,
as he is able to recapture the essence of 
not only his own character 
but that `spirit ' that made these film so successful ,
and he does it by knowing the territory
and establishing a continuity
that all but erases
that seven year gap between # s 3 and 4. as with all the film he directs ,
eastwood set a deliberate pace
that works perfectly for this material
and creates just enough tension
to keep it interesting
and involving from beginning to end .
the screenplay 
by joseph stinson 
is well written and formulated to that distinctive `dirty harry ' style ;
the dialogue is snappy and the story itself
( conceived by charle b. pierce and earl e. smith )
is the most engaging since the original `dirty harry 
'
as it successfully endeavor to play upon the very personal aspect of the drama 
rather than entirely upon the action .
the character are well drawn and convincing ,
and 
of course 
this is the film
that gave us one of harry 's best catch-phrase :
`go 
ahead
-- make my day ... 'as harry 
clint eastwood perfectly embodies all of the element
that make this character so popular :
he lives by a personal moral code ,
a true individual made of the kind of stuff
we envision
as that of the pioneer
who settled this country
and made america what it is today .
harry personify
that sense of freedom and justice
we all strive for and hold so dear ,
possibly more so today than ever before .
no matter
who we are or where we come from ,
there is undeniably a part of us
that wants to be harry ,
or at least have him around .
`dirty harry ' is an icon of the cinema ,
and it is impossible to envision anyone but eastwood portraying him ; for better or worse 
eastwood `is ' dirty harry ,
without question ,
just as sean connery is james bond and basil rathbone ,
sherlock holmes.sondra locke is entirely effective here in the role of jennifer spencer 
a young woman wronged and out for vengeance ,
or as she sees it 
`justice . '
she manages to ing a hard-edged determination laced with vulnerability to her character 
with a convincing 
introspective approach
that is far beyond what is typical of the `action ' genre .
even amid the violence 
locke keeps her focus on jennifer and the traumatic event
that have ought her to this stage of her life .
her portrayal makes a perfect complement to eastwood 's harry 
and become 
in philosophy and deed 
something of his counterpart.in supporting role ,
two performance stand out :
paul drake 
as mick 
creates the best `psycho ' since andy robinson 's dynamic portrayal of the serial killer in the original `dirty harry . '
with actually very limited screen time 
drake establish a genuinely disconcerting presence
that is believable and convincing ,
which adds much to the purely visceral response of the audience .
this is the guy
you can not wait to see harry take care of in the end .
also effective is audrie j. neenan ,
who makes her character 
ray parkin 
the epitome of the proverbial `low life 
'
who can be found in any bar in any city .
it is a performance that evokes a gut-level response ,
and it adds greatly to the credibility of the film ,
in that it helps provide that necessary sense of realism.the
supporting cast includes albert popwell
( horace ) ,
mark kevloun
( bennett )
and nancy parson
( mrs. kruger ) .
with a perfect blend of drama and action 
`sudden impact ' dispense justice
that is a fulfilling respite from reality ;
the perfect justice of a not-so-perfect world 
that makes for a satisfying cinematic experience .
9/10 .
