the first matrix movie was lush with incredible character development 
witty dialog ,
and action scene
that kept with the flow of the story .
these element
-- coupled by incredible special effect of the day --
presented a magical ride
that kept you in suspense the entire time .
enter matrix reloaded
( and its sequel 
revolution ) .
the problem here is not the special effect or the fight sequence
as some may argue ;
the other have taken well-developed character from the first film
and hollowed them out like rotten tree log .
the connection
that was first established between viewer and on-screen character in the first film
is lost
when you realize
these are not the same character from the first matrix movie.to wit ,
morpheus was developed as a charismatic 
philosophical character with insight far
exceeding anyone else in the movie 
but here in reloaded
-- we are presented by a different morpheus
who stands hard and hollow ,
reduced to corny one-liner
that contradict the character
we saw develop in the first film .
this character just did not feel the same ,
and this could also be said
about the supporting character in the movie.the removal of 'tank ' was also a disappointment .
tank 's involvement in the first film was minimal at best ,
but he played the role extremely well .
in reloaded 
we discover
that tank dies after the event in the first film ,
and he is replaced by a jar jar bink stunt double
that could not act to save his live
( think stale box of kellogg 's corn flake ) .
his performance left me chuckling throughout ,
and most of his spoken dialog lacked timing .
there was an overwhelming sense
that he was either trying too hard to convey his emotion on-screen or the delivery in the script was off ;
in either case 
the experience was humorous !
at time i felt embarrassed for the actor ... .even neo 's godly persona was suspect during most of the fighting sequence .
the alleyway battle with the 200 agent smith clone was certainly exaggerated .
one must wonder 
for a man so gifted as neo
-- that he would even waste his time engaging in such a fruitless 
frivolous battle
when more pressing matter attend
( especially when you consider his ability
to fly or his ungodly ability to bend the matrix ;
certainly neo could have dispatched the clone much quicker 
and more efficiently ) .
again 
such act lend themselves to a script
hindered by consistency ,
and scene
created as filler to keep us from feeling gypped .
in jest 
our expectation of the character
created in the first film
are discarded promptly .
sadly 
for those expecting more of the same
-- you will certainly walk away feeling gravely disappointed.however ,
if you take reloaded as your standard 
run-of-the-mill action movie ,
and forget the incredible story inconsistency and the untwining of already-established character development from the first film ,
you should walk away feeling quite pleased .
