a stunning realization occurs
when some sort of phenomanon takes place ! !
be it ,
firecracker going off ,
witnessing a robbery 
a hurricane nonchalantly devastating everything in it is path 
or 
for that matter 
any other spectacular occurrence ! !
in the case of the maclean family 
however 
reveille was something
which was no more complex than their day to day lives..montana in the early twentieth century was an environmant
which was rough
and tumble ...
the maclean family was comprised of four person 
the father 
a minister ,
who was ideologically driven
to raise his family properly .
his wife was god fearing 
and dutiful .
the two boy were 
well ... boy ! ! ..
what else can you say ?
... brad pitt starred in this film
before he was really the ! !
brad pitt 
and his acting performance in this film was ,
to say the least 
remarkable ! ! !
..
his other 
norman 
was the cereal type ,
he was touched by emotion
that were genuine ,
and motivated by a set of value
that missoula 
montana concurred with ! !
paul
( brad pitt )
was a misfit from the offset ,
and lived on the edge ...
you would think
that montana in the 1920 's had no such thing 
yet somehow 
gambling 
drinking 
and violent confrontation 
were as much a part of paul ,
as was his fly fishing rod ! !
fly fishing ! !
did i say that ?
parenthetically 
this was the core of this movie 's theme ! !
the recreation of fly fishing served as the cohesive bond
which homogenized the kindred spirit of the maclean other 
and to a lesser degree 
the father ! !
i would describe the acting in this film as incredibly believable ,
and the cinematography went beyond sensational.. put it this way ,
anyone
who sees this film
will want to live in montana.. breathtaking filmography of bluer than blue mountain and stream captured the youth and effervescence
that the maclean other had for life ...
seldom in a film do you witness whereby feeling immediately invoke a dogged tenacity
to accomplish whatever
it may be that someone wish to accomplish..the maclean other lived life to the fullest 
and for better or worse 
the father knew
that this was going to be the only way
the two of them could become man !
! ... robert redford directs this film ,
and tells the story of the maclean 's through the perspective of the older other 
norman ... norman gets offered a position at the university of chicago at age 26 ,
and marries the woman
he will always be in love with ...
what this film also points out ,
is that the younger other 
paul 
has attained an accomplishmant of his own
by being the epitome of a remarkable fly fisherman ! !
the seedier side of life prevail in the younger other 's existence 
and exerts an insidious form of consternation for the maclean family ! !
as most human shortcoming go 
the maclean family made light of turbulent water ,
( literally )
and thus ,
established unity as a family ,
by putting necessary blinder on ! !
!
the end of the movie `` river runs through it ''
presents an epigram of life through the eye of the older other.. for norman maclean ,
stoicism is a prerequisite to perseverance in his emeritus year ! !
such a fate is largely due to the fact
that reflecting on his life is tantamount to yearning for person
who have passed away !
the fond memory of his other 
his wife 
his mother 
and his father 
must now be viewed philosophically ! !
for norman 
his life has been relegated to stubborn fact
that have determined his dubious outlook ,
and precarious resolve !
something as simple as the statemant `` this was your life ,
and that is how you lived it '' is a somber recollection of the joy 
the sorrow 
the regret 
and the love ,
he gave ,
as well as was the recipient of ! !
best put in the last sermon he heard his father give ,
his father said
`` we can completely love someone
without completely understanding them '' ..
whether you agree with what has happened in your life or not ,
it happened nonetheless !
norman maclean must come to grip with the fact
that his life has been fragmanted by misunderstanding !
norman maclean has become a decrepit octogenarian
who is polarized by virtual conclusion to his life ! !
the murky water of montana 's picturesque river serve as a vicious and desultory finalization to his year on earth ! !
without question ,
the very prolific statemant of `` what seems complicated is really very simple '' purvey a very acrimonious message in this movie ...
more simply put ... the person and place
which were important in norman 's life ,
are now only a bittersweet memory ... .merely a painfully intellectual rumination of event
which are aggravated by the haunted water of montana 's beautiful stream and river ...
to which 
for the entire maclean family 
`` all thing merge into one and a river runs through it ''
