it is a great tragedy
that both richard harris and john derek are no longer with us .
but that should not blind anybody to the fact
that in 1981 
a pretty ugly blotch appears on both man 's cvs .
no doubt
john derek conceived this movie
doing for his wife what 'some like it hot ' and 'one million year bc ' did for maryln monroe and raquel welsh respectively ,
creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade .
having run to emace dudley moore on the beach in '10 ' bo 's reputation 
an all-star cast and location
filming in sri lanka
meant
that nothing could go wrong .
ala ,
as they say 
mortal plan and god laugh .
it is said
that
when this film premiered in 1981 
the edgar rice burrows estate tried to take legal action against it .
bo derek plays jane parker
who sets off into turn-of-the century africa
to be reunited with her boozy 
abusive dad 
richard harris .
daddy parker is an explorer
who has set out
to find 'the great inland sea ' the stuff of local legend ,
whose existence has been poo-pooed by conventional wisdom .
harris is worth watching for a wonderfully hammy 
tanked -up performance
which includes singing an irish ditty at an indian elephant
that somehow found its way into africa
( did it arrive at the same time as the orang-utan from sumatra ? ? ? )
furthermore 
although jane profess to despise parker 
bo and rich 's relationship is creepily incestuous ,
testimony perhaps to the effect of the tropical heat .
before long 
however 
local legend start to circulate about a 'great white ape ' and jane hears the famous yodel .
this is the movie 's cue for mile o'keefe 
a future b-movie star ,
making a rather odd debut as the loin-clothed lord of the jungle .
unlike johnny weismuller with his pidgin english or ron ely
who speaks the language fluently ,
the o'keefe tarzan is mute .
given some of bo and richie 's dialog 
though ,
this is probably not a bad thing .
harris and his caravan eventually reaches the great inland sea ,
located atop a gigantic plateau
that seems to run halfway across africa ... .hang on ,
are not seas ,
lake and other watery place generally located in low-lying area ? ?
nevermind 
it is just one of many anomaly in the john derek universe .
the crew attempt to mount the cliff
and when the rope snap 
harris roar echoing abuse at the hapless man
who have plummeted to their death .
on another occasion 
jane decide to take a nude swim by the inland sea ,
giving another occasion
to see some gratuitous nudity .
out of nowhere a single male lion appears .
now lions usually travel in pride
and never go near beach
but later on 
tarzan will be wrestling with a ( venomous ) boa constrictor .
zoology does not seem to have been one of john derek 's strong point ... .. this
being a tarzan movie ,
jane become enchanted with the lord of the jungle and resolves to take his virginity .
but having seen his closeness to some of those chimp ,
you do have to wonder ...
speaking of which ,
it is not only the edgar rice burrough estate could have sued .
it is highly probable that certain primate were on the phone to their lawyer :
the chimp here make you miss cheetum badly .
especially when they do ridiculous thing like ride on the back of elephant and clap their hand
when tarzan and jane finally get it on !
the climax of this film has bo and harris
captured by some rather stereotypical cannibal
who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice/eat/execute her .
suffice is to say
that the great wooden ape gets his girl and *spoiler* harris gets himself impaled on a huge elephant tusk !
this does not stop the dying parker from delivering a rambling monologue to jane .
as far as i am aware ,
the law suit from the rice burrows estate never materialized
but 'tarzan the ape man ' was crucified at the box office
( no kidding ? )
a pity .
john derek could have directed 'tarzan the ape man 2 ' with bo derek and mile o'keefe
living in domestic bliss and dudley moore as 'boy . '
