the first time my best friend and i sat down to watch this movie ,
we were watching it for alex winter of `` bill and ted 's '' fame .
we did not know what to expect other
than who and what it was about.by the time
the movie was over ,
we knew
that it was love at first sight .
this movie ,
while not completely historically accurate ,
was and is the best one of its genre .
i have seen other movie
depicting the history of this famous summer and in my opinion ,
none of the other can compare .
it fibbed a little at certain detail ,
but those part did not take away from the sheer elegance and romance of the story .
i have seen the other movie about this summer
and i find most of them to be good ,
but none as captivating as this one .
`` haunted summer '' has the quality of a painting .
the color and setting seem to be something
one would find on a canvas 
framed and hung in a museum or on the wall of an eccentric 's home .
the costume were gorgeous and ,
despite not being the most comfortable clothe in the world ,
made me want to find a seamstress
to create such garb for myself .
the whole movie was set on the picturesque lake geneva
( where i hope to one day go
because of seeing this movie )
and the serenity
that these historical figure
found there.this movie show ,
besides the tranquility
found by all the escapee of england 's harsh judgement 
the strangeness
that surrounded this adventure as well .
yes 
there were drug .
it was a fairly common practice during that time 
a time
when drug were not illegal .
and the taking of laudanum
( the liquid form of opium )
was medicinal as well as recreational .
shelley suffered from consumption .
lord byron suffered the pain of a clubbed foot .
it was not surprising that there would be prescription of the strong drug
that were in their possession during that summer .
and they were poet during a time
when experience was the key .
there was no time for prudish caution .
passion and experience were a big part of the romantic era .
and out of the thought and discussion of science 
religion and philosophy came the creation of a legend :
`` frankenstein .
`` yes 
in this movie 
we see the beautiful and liberated mary godwin
( not married to shelley at that time )
played by beautiful and talented alice krige .
she is the control factor to all
that goes on until she 
too 
gives in to experience .
but she stands her ground and experience thing on her own term .
as was the strength
that she inherited from her mother and father.the actor and actress in this were perfect for the part they played .
the music fitting .
the direction captured the essence of the summer ,
as i have read about it .
this movie was based on a wonderful book `` haunted summer '' by anne edward .
if you like this movie ,
read the book .
the author takes the story from what she was able to put together from the actual journal of mary godwin shelley and the other participant of this story.if
you are a person
who loves history
( even the little inaccuracy from time to time )
and romance and the gothic 
then this is a movie for you .
it show the birth of the birth of the monster ,
which even today teaches us about the moral of `` playing god .
`` a definite must see movie !
