`` unhinged '' is one strange little film 
a forgotten slasher from the golden age of the genre .
it is hard to really write a satisfying review of this film
simply because of the fact
that the film is so unique .
it is plot is fairly overdone
-- three young woman on their way to a rock concert get in a car crash
and end up stranded at the mansion of an eccentric old woman and her spinster daughter .
very quickly 
the lady realize something is not quite right
when they hear strange eathing and noise from the attic .
on top of that 
the mother and daughter seem to have a very 
very strange relationship ,
as they quarrel intensely in front of their houseguest at dinner .
the old mother even goes as far
as calling her daughter a whore and slut
and accuses her of sneaking guy in at night
to sleep with them .
halfway through the film ,
when one girl finally decides she better wander off
to find help ,
the killing begins .
as far as the acting goes ,
this film is at the bottom of the barrel .
none of the three stranded girl can act 
particularly the `` lead '' girl .
it is almost unbelievable to hear them deliver their line in the same 
wooden tone throughout the film .
the mother and daughter are better ,
but not much .
the film is also quite dull in part and really 
really drags .
the killing are gruesome ,
but nothing we have not seen before .
however ,
as mentioned on here ,
the film really gain point with it illiantly disturbing and gory ending .
it comes totally from left field
and has the same shock value
as the ending the the camp classic `` sleepaway camp . ''
unfortunately 
the rest of the film is a bore and suffer from horrendous acting and boring 
boring pacing .
the isolated 
creepy
looking mansion and the dark ,
foreboding lighting does give the film a grainy realism ,
but that is quickly shattered
when one of the character attempts to act .
it may be worth it
if you can stick it out until the end ,
but i say
you are better off just fast forwarding to the last 10 minute .
4 out 10
