there have been `` race '' picture almost from the beginning of the movie business .
film starring almost entirely black cast have been made by segregated poverty row studio
( more often than not owned by caucasian )
for ghetto theater .
with the growing urban blight during the 1970s 
this idea was revived with a wave of `` blaxploitation '' picture
made for urban grind house
which overlaid black actor and funky atmosphere over traditional b- movie plot .
this trend even spread into horror feature 
with title like blacula 
blackenstein and sugar hill serving up blaxploitation version of monster standard .
and it did not die with the closing of most urban theater \u0096
it just slowly eased into the video age ,
and continues with low budget direct-to-dvd release like this one .
ed and jose quiroz 's hood of the living dead 
adopts the recent popularity of horror movie for the hip-hop audience .
ricky
( carl washington )
is a young scientist in oakland
trying to keep his younger other jermaine
( brandon daniel )
out of trouble after the death of their parent .
after jermaine is shot by drug dealer in a drive-by ,
ricky decide to use the experimental cell regenerating formula
he is been working on in an attempt
to save the teen 's life .
apparently his effort are for naught ,
and jermaine 's body is taken away .
however 
the body never makes it to the morgue \u0096 jermaine re-animate in the coroner 's van as a flesh-hungry zombie .
he kills the driver ,
then goes after the gang
that killed him ,
spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes .
having heard from jermaine 's friend kevin
( derek taylor ii )
and marco
( raul martinez )
about the attack on the gangster ,
ricky feel
that the only thing to do is to capture jermaine
and try to cover up the whole matter before he and his accomplice scott
( chris angelo )
get arrested for the mayhem
they have caused .
however 
they soon find
that the contagion is spreading too fast for them
to control it .
by keeping thing simple ,
the quiroz team manage to produce an entertaining little horror feature
without overextending themselves to the point
where thing start to look shoddy .
along the way 
they also add in a few interesting bit of business .
when first confronted with a zombie 
scott tell ricky ,
`` shoot him in the head like in the movie ! ''
\u0096 an effective as any way
to discover how to kill zombie .
an extra twist is added
when the first head shot does not kill the ain ,
adding to viewer unease .
another good point is that the soundtrack makes only limited use of sub-eminem style rap ,
laying in standard `` creepy '' music throughout .
