as the jacket proclaims 
this film is `` gorgeously shot and masterfully edited 
''
and 
yes 
it is mesmerizingly beautiful .
the timelessness
that we perceive in stoic rock and in the unceasing ebb and flow of water frames the ephemeral work from goldsworthy 's hand
so that in their very ephemeralness they point to eternity.and so the beauty of his composition haunt us with just a touch of melancholy woven
in -- or in the word of matthew arnold from `` dover beach '' :
listen !
you hear the grating roar of pebble
which the wave draw back 
and fling 
at their return 
up the high strand 
begin 
and cease 
and then again begin 
with tremulous cadence slow 
and ing the eternal note of sadness in.at one point near the end of the film goldsworthy says
that `` word do their job ,
but what i am doing here says a lot more . ''
as a wordmith myself i take no offense and not for a moment do i think
him immodest
because the combination of form and time and change and texture and color and composition
that goldsworthy painstakingly and intuitively create 
is indeed something more than mere word can say.at another point
he remark on `` what is here to stay ...
and what is not . ''
that is his theme.i think
that artist sometime in the twentieth century became acutely aware of how ephemeral even the greatest work of art are compared to the vast expanse of cosmic time ;
and so they began to reflect this understanding by composing work
that were deliberately ephemeral .
the idea was ,
that
by emphasizing how short-lived are even the mightiest work of human ,
a sense of the timelessness of art would be expressed.perhaps part of the effectiveness of goldsworthy 's work is in this sort of expression .
he painstakingly composes some form of straw or leaves
where the tide will reach it ,
or place it in the river
where it will be swept away ;
and in this process is merged both the composition and its ephemerality.both the transitory and the timeless are necessary for us to understand our world and our place within it .
and it is important
that these work be done within the context of nature
so that what is composed is set within what is natural .
thus the wall of stone and the egg of stone
that goldsworthy construct are silent and solid yet we know
that they are not monument to eternity ,
but instead will stay for some undefined length of time and then dissipate and return to a state much like that
which existed
before we came along.this is art
as art should be ,
akin to the spiritual.in a sense goldsworthy 's work is an inarticulated understanding .
it is an experience purely of time and form .
in a sense his work `` answer '' shelley 's famous poem `` ozymandias '' by saying ,
even as the tide washes the work away ,
and even as the river dissipates the expression 
even so the art lives
on because of our experience of it .
similarly one think of tibetan sand painting
so carefully composed
and measured out ,
and then just as they are so beautifully and preciously finished ,
they are given to the wind ,
so that we might know
that all is flux.yet 
in the modern world these work of art endure in photo and video .
goldsworthy is an accomplished photographer
( of necessity i would say )
and all his work 
even the unsuccessful one ,
he tells us ,
are photographed so
that he can look back at them in a more reflective mood
and see what he has accomplished
and what he has not.this cinematic production
directed by thomas riedelsheimer with the beautiful and appropriately haunting music by fred frith is not to be missed .
it is one of the most beautiful documentary
that i have ever seen and one of the most spiritual .
