089 :
footlight parade
( 1933 )
- released 9/30/1933 ,
viewed 5/5/07.the ice cream cone is invented in new york.kevin :
after a long and busy eak 
we hit another busby berkeley musical from warner bros. this time
it is the ultra-fast paced footlight parade ,
starring jame cagney as juggernaut stage producer chester kent .
i am 100 % certain
that cagney was channeling berkeley with his performance of the irrepressible kent ,
who has to come up with new idea for performance every minute .
joan blondell is also excellent as the acid-tongued secretary-turned-love interest .
the ruby keeler/dick powell subplot is not as major this time but no less enjoyable .
one thing
that baffled me was berkeley 's performance themselves ,
which seemed far too extravagant and complex
to be performed on any stage ,
let alone a stage
that would be showing a film afterward .
obviously busby does not let a little thing like story impede him from putting together the most over-the-top musical number
he can possibly conjure .
i liked nearly all of this movie until the end 
with the shamelessly offensive number `` shanghai lil 
''
which ,
as one can guess ,
is about as stomach-turning as racially distasteful performance come.doug :
six movie in three month .
got to be a new record .
anyway this completes warner bros. ' musical trilogy of 1933 ,
preceded by '42nd street ' and 'gold digger of 1933 . '
i would definitely recommend watching all three in a row .
i wonder
if jame cagney was channeling busby berkeley
while he was playing chester kent in this movie ,
or if that the role as written was inspired by busby .
i hope it was ;
it seems to make sense
that berkeley is the kind of guy
who would see elaborate dance in everyday occurrence the way chester does .
the funny thing about cagney was
that he did not really look like a leading man in the traditional sense .
he was 5'7 '' 
square-headed ,
and talked with an odd new york accent .
but the guy was quite versatile 
going from the venomous gangster
that made him so famous to the fast-talking producer-type
we see here .
and he could dance .
basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor .
the rest of the cast has some familiar faces ; joan blondell return
and just about steal the show as cagney 's loyal and lusting secretary ;
dick powell and ruby keeler play the cute couple ,
but seem to get less screen time than before ;
billy barty pop up again as the mischievous imp .
the movie is typical of the more racy and adult-oriented musical of the pre-code era ,
as opposed to those of the 50 's and 60 's that were more family oriented ,
and is an excellent climax of the warner musical of that year
( the `` shanghai lil '' number not withstanding ,
with keeler doing a poor job at looking chinese )
.last film :
dinner at eight
( 1933 ) .
next film :
i am no angel
( 1933 ) .
