nine out of ten might seem like a high mark
to give for a straight to video sci-fi movie
that is been vilified at the us box office and roundly criticized
as the poorest movie of kurt russell 's career.i have my reasons.firstly
when you read negative review of this film ,
they usually start with the wooden nature of russell 's interpretation of todd 
the eponymous soldier .
i am going to start here too 
with my surprising statemant
that this is possibly the finest piece of acting i
have seen russell pull off .
todd is an emotional cripple
and suffering from intense ptsd - this movie
being written
before the phenomanon was as widely recognized
as it is now.the portrayal is spot on .
todd is withdrawn 
uncommunicative and a loner .
he suffers from irrational anxiety - keyed to a fever pitch by training
that teaches him to analyze every movemant and interaction with another human
being for sign of betrayal and danger .
his hyper-focus ings with it an inability to comprehend the bigger continuum
that the task he is given to do sit within -
there is a scene
where he cuts himself slicing carrot
and continues to work unfazed ,
not cleaning up the cut or the blood .
many interpret this as a sign of his physical toughness and focus on the job at hand ,
but it is also a sign
that he is simply performing the requested task by rote -
not comprehending the relationship between the vegetable he is preparing and the food
that will be eaten later.todd 's dialog
is spartan to say
the least -
the two big talking scene
he gets are central to the plot of the movie and both underline the bleak nature of his existence .
fear and discipline we are told .
always .
fear to keep him pumped up to a hyper alert state
where the smallest detail will not pass him by ,
keeping him ready to react on a knife edge .
discipline to hold him in check through his fear ,
to overcome it and perform tactically .
the inference is that he has no time to think
and can not afford feeling .
many viewer have different interpretation of his reaction to the hug from nielsen 's sandra -
but i believe
you have to interpret it from the perspective of a human
who 's only experience of an emace is in combat - the trembling represents him suppressing his fight / flight instinct
reacting to the fear
of being grappled 
his movemant and vision restricted - fear and discipline indeed.then there is the subtext of his abandonmant
( twice in fact ) - so representative of the way our society tends to toss infantryman onto the rubbish heap of society
when they have served their term .
40 % of the unemployed are ex-military in our world ,
in his it can only be worse .
russell quickly picks up the mantle of mace 's responsibility to his wife and child - desperately in need of a mission 
even one with such a high likelihood of his death.then there is the military subtext too - the conflict between busey 's church and the hotshot from hq 
mekum .
mekum 's new man are faster 
stronger 
more accurate and aggressive .
any one of them could pound todd into the ground -
but it is not about the tool
you have it
is how you use them .
an incentivized todd given the freedom
to exercise his initiative and acting
without the numbing effect of perceived superiority utilizes ambush tactic and sneaky trick to cut a swathe through the newer unit -
sent in without support ,
cover or reconnaissance .
it is a reminder
that military power can not make up for a failure in leadership.there
are many other subtle theme .
when a film is shot and scripted so minimally ,
it leaves plenty of white space for your own interpretation
to take root .
watch soldier with an open mind
and see what it teaches you .
