eight academy nomination ?
it is beyond belief .
i can only think
it was a very bad year - even by hollywood standard .
with huston as director and jack nicholson and kathleen turner as lead i probably would have swallowed the bait
and watched this anyway ,
but the oscar nomination really sold it to me ,
and i feel distinctly cheated as a result.so
it is a black comedy
is it ?
can anyone tell me
where the humour is in prizzi 's honor ?
it is certainly tasteless
( the shooting in the head of a policeman 's wife is but another supposedly comic interlude in this intended farce about mafia life )
but with the exception of a joke about 'your favourite mexican cigar '
( which i imagine is an old joke for american
who have been officially forbidden from buying anything cuban for the last 50 year )
i failed to spot anything of a comic nature -
and i did try .
there is a lot of mafia clich\u00e9
but clich\u00e9 does not constitute humour in my book.is it a romantic comedy of sort ?
never .
the character and their relationship are so completely incredible and shallow
that they are on a par with ben afleck and jennifer lopez in gigli.is it a cleverly devised parody about the mafia ?
not in a million year .
the plot is just pointlessly absurd rather than comically absurd ,
and it usually just has the feel of a really bad
( and cheap )
mafia movie .
it feels more like a homage than a parody.with one-dimensional character and little in the way
of humour written for them ,
the actor are left doing dodgy accent
and pulling faces .
well it is not enough ;
even when the face is being pulled by that master of the comic facial expression 
jack nicholson
( repleat with puffed up top lip ...
now is that meant to be a parody of brando 's padded jowls in the godfather ? ...
oh !
who cares ? ...
all i know is ,
it is not funny )
.throw in some slow 
plodding direction
( this film drags on for 2 hour ) ,
some hopelessly daft and clich\u00e9d dialogue such as ;
`` you remember the camora ?
well we are far bigger ,
we will track you down wherever you go '' ,
and clich\u00e9d mannerism and you will be reaching for that fast forward button
before you can say `` capiche ? `` .
prizzi 's honor is far from being huston 's `` masterpiece ''
and is rather a very poor last work .
it is definitely one work in the great director 's canon
that should be given a concrete overcoat
and tossed into the hudson river .
