seriously what were they thinking ?
over the course of year the columbo series has tried out some new thing and diverted away from the usual successful formula
but this movie really overdoes it .
this movie is basically very different from any other columbo movie
but the difference are not for the good of the movie.main thing
that of course makes this movie different from any other columbo movie is the fact
that there is no murder being committed .
the entire premise of this movie is totally different
and it places the columbo character in a totally different environment and situation .
also the overall is just totally different and more 'modernized'.director alan j. levi did some other columbo movie in the past ,
which all very much sticked to the usual formula .
it also makes it an odd choice
that he got picked to direct this movie.the columbo character
himself also feels quite different ,
perhaps because of the reason
that he gets placed in a totally different environment and situation ,
when he helps out his nephew after his ide disappeared right after the wedding .
the absence of some good relieving and trademark columbo humor also does not exactly make this a good or enjoyable watch.in all honety ,
the movie does not begin too bad
but the movie starts to become more and more ridicule with its story
as it progresses .
it is such a stupid written kidnap-thriller with a story
that starts to become more and more unlikely .
it also makes the movie more and more unwatchable .
this is a very little interesting columbo entry
that also really does not know to entertain its viewer in any way.it
also does not help much
that the supporting actor are not the most talented one around .
despite the fact
that his character is put in such a totally different situation
and the movie is shot in such a completely different style ,
peter falk still holds up well
and his presence still somewhat saves this movie .
can you just imaging how this movie would had been without him ?
it would had been an extremely bad and ridicule cheap movie i can tell you.an odd columbo entry ,
which could be described as a failed experiment to divert from the usual formula.4/10
