while the overall idea of escape from atlantis was intriguing ,
i found the film to be far less than what i had hoped for upon reading the plot summery .
perhaps i am too much of a child in the technological age :
the movie was made ,
as it is now 2002 
an official five year ago
-- after viewing fantasy epic such as lord of the ring 
and science fiction feat like star war 
as a whole it could not compare to other movie of similar line such as dinotopia or homer 's the odyssey.my beef 
basically 
is that i could not relate
-- i am just about the same age of the child
( a young adult ) ,
and have no trouble
putting myself in the place of a middle-aged man
if that is the character available .
but the picture did not take me to a different mental plain of existence .
i did not find myself saying 'ack !
i would have done the same thing ! ' .
it did not open the door to my imagination .
even without comparing it to high-budget film or other tv movie ,
standing alone ,
certain aspect of the feature i found to be cliche :
the character development in the child occurred too rapidly for my liking ,
seeing too much of the stereotypical selfish-teenager-bitter-after-divorce image
changing into the we are-a-big-happy-family-let's-never-separate-again feel
that can ultimately make or eak a picture in the long run .
even the character themselves could have undergone improvement :
a typical set of one or the other stereotype .
there was the ever-present selfish beauty
looking to be rebellious ,
accompanied by mr. perfect image of combining athletic ,
good look and intelligence yet a ooding attitude ,
and lastly the smart-aleck little other we find to be so common these day .
while i know
the personality pushed the story along ,
i think
that adding more individuality as far as nuance and more unique difference would have made it a more enjoyable
-- and believable
( as far as character ) --
movie.i do have to raise my glass to the costume and set design --
that made it worth finishing to the end for me .
do not get me wrong :
all movie are worth
seeing for yourself ,
and the opinion of one could never account for the opinion of many ,
but i think
that with a little more depth to the script ,
and a little more ( i can not believe
i am saying this )
realness i dare say
escape from atlantis could have been magical .
