every once in a while the conversation will turn to `` favorite movie . ''
i will mention titanic ,
and at least a couple person will snicker .
i pay them no mind
because i know
that five year ago 
these same person were moved to tear by that very movie .
and they are too embarrassed now to admit it.i just rewatched titanic for the first time in a long time .
expecting to simply enjoy the story again ,
i was surprised to find
that the movie has lost none of its power over these five year .
i cried again ... . in all the same place .
it ought me back to 1997
when i can remember how a movie
that no one thought
would eak even became the most popular movie of all time .
a movie
that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie i
can recall
( yes 
even more than star war ) .
and today 
many person will not even admit they enjoyed it .
folk 
let 's get something straight
-- you do not look cool
when you badmouth this film .
you look like an out of touch cynic.no movie is perfect
and this one has a few fault .
some of the dialogue falls flat ,
and some of the plot
surrounding the two lover comes
together a little too neatly .
however 
none of this is so distracting
that it ruins the film.leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are wonderful .
leo is one of the fine actor of his generation .
wait 'til you see him in gang of new york
before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy .
kate winslet was so strong in this film .
the movie really was her ,
and she held it together beautifully.jame cameron managed
what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable titanic .
the sinking scene were horrific ,
just as they were that night .
how anyone can say
the effect were bad is beyond me .
i was utterly transfixed.this film is one memorable scene after another .
titanic leaving port in southampton .
rose and jack at the bow 
`` flying '' .
`` iceberg 
right ahead ! ''
the screw hanging unbelievably out of the ocean .
the screams of the doomed after she went down .
and that ending
that ought even the burliest man in the theater to tear.the music ,
which has also been a victim of the film 's success ,
was a key ingredient .
jame horner 's score was simply perfect .
and the love theme was beautiful and tragic .
too bad celine dion 's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.i confess ,
i am a titanic buff .
as such 
i relished the opportunity
to see the ship
as we never got to see it
-- in all its beauty .
perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some
because i have had such an interest in the ship all my life .
however 
i doubt
many of those i saw crying
were titanic buff .
i applaud cameron for inging this story to the mass in a way
that never demeaned the tragedy .
the film was made with such humanity.another reviewer said
it better than i ever could :
open up your heart to titanic ,
and you will not be disappointed .
