in its depiction of a miserable milanese underclass 
this film was probably quite revealing in its day .
however 
i get the feeling
that neorealism was never really director de sica 's bag ,
since here he decided to try
and create some sort of modern fable centring around a boy
that had been found in a cabbage patch by an old dear in the country .
after spending most of his childhood in an orphanage ,
toto ends up living in a shantytown in milan .
he organises the inhabitant into community action ,
and keeps their spirit up by swanning around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face
and testing them on their time table .
that nobody tells him where to stick his time table is beyond me ,
as these person have far more important thing to think about ,
like where the next pot noodle is going to come from .
anyway 
de sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device
in order to highlight exactly
why these poor sod are where they are .
it is all down to capitalism of course ,
and in order to illustrate this 
he has the miserable discover a fountain of oil on their land .
brilliant !
to his credit 
though 
by this time he has given up on making a serious film ,
and the capitalist appear as severe caricature 
all fur coat and cigar .
they want that land ,
but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense .
by a bizarre stroke of luck 
his old 
deceased guardian from the cabbage patch day appears in the sky
and gives him a magic dove .
he uses it to shower gift on his mate ,
who prove just as greedy as the cigar man .
i reckon this film was a missed opportunity .
to address the theme of poverty ,
as not many film-maker had done until then ,
and then get caught up in a fairy tale ,
to me seems a bit daft .
how come 'great ' director get away with child-like plot turn like the one we see here ?
han christian anderson would probably have balked at the idea
of having the poor folk flying off over the milan duomo and on to a higher place on oomstick .
de sica 
however 
is proclaimed as a genius for this .
surely the fact
that these person are so poor ,
that their faith is unswerving ,
and that miracle never happen to them ,
is enough for any story-teller
to work on .
