watching this last night it amazed me
that fox spent so much money on it
and got so little back on their investment .
it is the kind of disaster
that has to be seen to be believed.i
am sure
that the first morning of filming raquel welch dusted off the shelf over her fireplace
to prepare a spot for the academy award
she would surely win for this daringly original movie .
oop .
that is not what happened.the infighting on the set was detailed in print by rex reed
and this helped the movie attain a reputation
before it was even released .
when it was finally released
there was not the usual three ring circus of publicity .
if i remember correctly ,
in houston it opened at drive-in and neighborhood theatre
and never played any of the big venues.i lay most of the blame on director michael sarne ,
who was hot
after having directed
( the not all that good )
joanna 
a film with music about young person in swinging mod london.if i recall correctly 
fox wound up firing him
and piecing the film together the best
they could .
that is why scene play out in no particular sequence and character appear and then vanish .
an impressive supporting cast
( kathleen freeman 
jim backus 
john carradine 
andy devine and other )
is wasted with nothing to do.to expand it to feature length
there are numerous clip from fox movie
featuring star like carman miranda
( in amazing footage from the gang 's all here )
andlaurel and hardy ,
who never dreamed
they had be playing in an x rated movie.the x rating is due to occasional language numerous sexual perversion ; however ,
none of the character seem to be having any fun .
maybe somebody
involved with the film
had a warped puritan sensibility
and figured
that
if they could make these thing unappealing
it was not bad to exploit them.this
was one of the `` youth '' picture
that nearly bankrupted hollywood in the 1970 's .
one writer joked
that easy rider
( which was made for pocket change )
was the most expensive movie
ever made
because so many film followed
which tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate its success .
sixtyish 
once honored director like stanley kramer and otto preminger made movie like rpm and skidoo in an effort
to attract a young audience .
white director and writer attempted to make film
to attract a black audience .
those movie are locked somewhere in a vault and the two named and many other from that genre have never ,
as best i know ,
been out on home video or cable .
they are the studio ' deep dark secret.raquel welch 's performance in this is ,
all thing considered 
very good .
with the right direction and script
she could played the type of sassy liberated woman rosiland russel and barbara stanwyck specialized in .
she looks great
and has awesome costume .
mae west is the liveliest seventy-something
actress i have ever seen .
on the one hand it is kind of hearteaking
to watch her attempt
to capture her glory from year
gone by ,
but i am sure
she needed the money.if you want to see a big budget x-rated movie from this era check out beyond the valley of the doll
( also from fox )
because it does not take itself seriously .
it is crazy kid
playing with the equipment at a major studio .
myra breckinridge try to say something .
there just was not anyone who wanted to listen .
