this movie tackles child abduction from the point of view of a mom
( lisa hartman black )
who acts like a man
would in an action thriller .
unlike other movie
where the focus is on the police ,
here the mom is tracking down her ex-husband
who kidnapped their son .
she gets help from her lawyer
who eventually falls in love with her.before
finally catching up with her son 
a lot of bizarre thing happen .
the mom tries to take a child
that looks like her son from a local child 's play at a community theater .
she gets caught ,
and then realizes it is not her child .
that alone would have gotten most person put into the mantal ward or a few month in jail waiting for trial .
however 
in this movie the mom is release after a couple of hour
because the victim 's parent feel sorry for her .
a little while later mom eak into her mother-in-law 's house and then the police arrive
and they have their gun
aimed at her
but they let her run away
because they recognize her
( and feel sorry for her ?
) .at another point in the story they have found the child ,
but
when the police arrive to search the house
it turns out
they left out the back door
and got into the river on a dinghy
that apparently the dad kept around just for such an emergency escape !
the mom gets someone to lend her a raft ,
and even though it must have taken some time
( in a real world ) ,
she and the lawyer-boyfriend ,
and the police catch up to the other raft pretty fast
and it is upside down in the water by landfall .
instead of getting out of the raft to search for the dad on the land ,
mom presume he drowned the boy
and she jumps into the water
when she sees his life-jacket .
of course 
she can not swim and sink like a rock .
the lawyer saves her ,
but they miss a chance to run after the dad .
at one point the mom is told her son died at a clinic in mexico .
on and on it goes ,
and where it stops nobody knows !
in some way 
this movie really exploits child abduction
and it is not very positive .
on the other hand ,
seeing a woman do all the crazy thing
that man do in these kind of movie
was fun
( or funny ?
) .
