fay grim is 
on its face 
a tale of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink .
as the sequel to his extraordinary henry fool 
hal hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hardboiled spy thriller
that starts with a knowing smile and large dose of laughter
and turns as poignant and warm
as any film i have seen
this year.parkey posey is fay grim 
an unwitting mata hari
caught between the love of her exiled husband henry fool and the questionable intention of a charming cia operative .
as agent fulight 
jeff goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm 
in a role
that seems tailored to his talent .
he has never been better .
jame urbaniak is fay 's other simon 
jailed but renowned for his wildly popular book of poetry .
his love of his work and his sister ings a jolt of passion
to contrast the dour nature of the spy
which eventually populate fay 's world .
and liam aiken is fay 's oversexed 14 year-old son .
although that may be redundant .
aiken 's understated style is remarkably `` old soul ''
for someone his age.the entire film is shot dutch angle ,
the off-kilter style
made famous by orson welle
and used primarily in horror film and psychological thriller to impart a sense of foreboding .
in fay grim ,
using that style from opening credit to closing
is intriguing at first ,
deceptively clever the next .
for just as the viewer begins to fall for the perfectly timed comedic element and wit of hartley 's illiant script ,
something happen .
the film takes a dark yet strangely comforting turn
as these character magically become sympathetic before our eye .
what began as dark comedy morphs into romantic drama ,
and the transition is masterful .
slow pacing gives way to eathtaking action ,
and we are sucked right into the vortex.in the end ,
hartley 's sharp dialog
combined with the amazing performance of a perfectly
matched ensemble cast makes for a delicious cinematic cocktail .
told with the luxury of one able
to write 
produce 
direct 
edit 
and even compose the music 
hal hartley has crafted a smart 
sexy tale of espionage with tongue
just barely planted in cheek .
fay grim is one part dashiell hammett 
one part raymond chandler 
and one part ian fleming 
shaken and maybe stirred as well .
