i should have known
when i looked at the box in the video store
and saw lisa raye - to me ,
she is the female ernie hudson a.k.a .
`` le kiss of death '' for *any* movie .
its almost *guaranteed* the movie will be bad
( e.g .
congo )
if hudson is in it ( with the exception of the ghostbuster film ,
which were intentionally campy and bad ) .
despite my instinct ,
and the fact
that i just saw civil brand ,
yet another cinematic `` tour de force ''
starring lisa raye ,
i rented it anyway .
after all 
i ignored my `` hudson instinct '' on oz
and ended up watching a very quality series
so i figured i would give this movie a chance.if
you are a lover of bad movie ,
this is a definite must see !
this has got to be the most unintentionally funny movie i
have seen in a loooong time .
the plot is fairly straightforward :
racheal 's
( monica calhoun )
sister is killed by a band of igand
( led by bobby brown ! )
and 
like many an action movie before this 
she straps on her gun one last time and vow to avenge her sister death .
to do this ,
she reassembles the titular gang of rose
( supposedly based on a true story of a female gang )
and they go out and exact revenge
and 
along the way 
there is some subplot or something or other about some gold
that might be buried in the town .
one nice thing i will say
about this movie is that from what i could tell ,
the star did their own riding
and they looked great galloping.the funniest
( albiet unintentionally funny ) scene ?
look for when they introduce stacy dash 's character
or when calhoun 's character rescinds her vow not to strap on her gun
( replete with a clenched fisted cry to the heaven )
or lil ' kim 's character joking with lisa raye 's character or stacy dash 's character being killed or lil ' kim 's character convincing lisa raye 's character
to rejoin the gang or the asian chick or macy grey 's character
talking bout `` the debt is paid '' 
etc .
with the exception of calhoun 's racheal and bobby brown 's left-eye 
i can not even remember the name of the other character cuz i was laughing so hard
when they were introduced.if the director
had gone for parody and oad comedy this would have been a great movie .
unfortunately 
he tries to take
it seriously seemingly
without first taking exposition 
sound design
( in his defense ,
hip-hop is notoriously difficult to work into a period piece ) ,
set design 
script writing nor period historical research
( was it me ,
or were these the cleanest person with the whitest teeth in the old west ? )
seriously .
usually when i see a movie
that is not so good ,
i ask myself
`` could you have done any better ? ''
this is the first time in a long time
where the answer is an unequivocal `` yes ! ''
