baldwin has really stooped low to make such movie .
the script 
the music ,
just about everything in this movie is a waste of time.the sound fx do not sound real ,
they stick out way too much
( technical gadget etc . )
if they are trying to make a movie about thing like this ,
at least try to get real with it and drop those extra bleep and beep ,
because those gadget do not really make loud sound like that .
natural sound like footstep and such are non-existent ,
which gives it a void-like atmosphere.directing seems to be ok for such a low budget film
( i sure hope
it was a low budget production ) ,
although it does seem fairly amateurish at time.most character seem empty and false ,
they simply have not casted this movie very well .
i would imagine
it would 've been a better idea
to make baldwin speak some spanish
than to make spanish actor speak english ,
when we all know
that theirs is the language
which is more viant and alive ,
that is why
the actor performance can suffer greatly
if an odd language is used .
i mean 
could finally someone realise
how stupid it sound
to make international actor speak english with a bad accent ?
it is should have a long ago
buried corpse in movie production .
the production team ever heard of subtitle ?
this movie again manages to depict european police as lazy and corrupt 
the society as vulnerable and helpless .
i mean
if the plot again goes like `` the interpol can not do jack ,
so let 's call one american to ing down this international syndicate '' or whatever.sony picture tread on the same path as columbia before it ,
just producing movie for the hell of it .
i would imagine them to have some self respect also .
are buyer supposed to buy every dirty title
just because sony puts out something good a few time a year ? !
maybe they should have used the same team
as who were making di que si -
say
i do .
it is spoken in spanish and paz vega and santi millan do a decent job
keeping the movie afloat .
look and sound much better !
come on sony ,
wake up 
produce less ,
sell more .
