( this is a review of the later english release by disney ,
featuring alison lohman 
patrick stewart 
and co. )
i really wanted this film to be good .
really 
really .
i am a huge fan of princess mononoke and spirited away ,
and
after seeing all the glowing review on this earlier miyazaki film ,
i was eager to see it .
but i was shocked ,
shocked i say 
at the quality of this film .
those later film boast well-crafted plot 
3-dimensional character ,
and the best film music since ... well ... ever .
this film just does not come close.might as well start w/ the positive aspect 
though .
like all miyazaki film 
this one is still very imaginative 
with a bizarre fantasy/sci-fi setting 
in a post-apocalyptic world
where insect are the dominant species .
nausicaa can also boast some far superior animation to other film from its time .
( though not as beautiful and fluid as miyazaki 's later film )
and the english voice acting is quite well done.but this film ...
just ... is not ... good ... the character are all cardboard - from saccharine sweet little nausicaa 
to the ruthlessly evil tolmekian ,
to everyone in between .
once you have seen each of them for 30 second ,
you have seen all there is .
and the fact
that the plot just amble along
does not help.then there is the music ... now ,
hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer ,
but nausicaa does not do him justice .
half the music is 80 's keyboard on overdrive ,
and it usually enter and leaves so auptly
that it distracts the visual rather than helping them .
i highly suspect
that hisaichi was told to compose a lot of the music
before he even saw the picture.but wait !
there is a great message with this film 
right ? !
let 's all save the environment !
too bad
that this film hits you over the head
with it like a sledgehammer .
there is a scene
in which nausicaa hug a tree .
no 
really .
i are not kidding.it makes me a little sad to talk
about how lame this film is .
but for some reason all the other review on imdb seem to adore it .
and when the character have to talk to themselves in extended sentence
to tell you what is going on ,
that is lame.if you are the kind of person
who worships anime ,
enjoys 80 's music 
and plant a tree every arbor day ,
you will probably like this film .
otherwise 
save your money for his later film ,
because they rock big time .
