i caught this cuban film at at an arthouse film club .
it was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 silly symphony cartoon
where the isle of symphony is reconciled with the isle of jazz .
what with the recently deceased ruben gonzalez piped through speaker in this old cinema-ballroom and a cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motif ,
the scene was set for a riproaring celeation of engaged filmmaking and synchronised hissing at the idiocy of helms-burton .
but then the film started .
and the cinema 's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on-screen.the storyline of nada mas promise much .
carla is a bored envelope-stamper at a cuban post office .
her only escape from an altogether humdrum existence is to purloin letter and rewrite them 
transforming basic interpersonal grunt into bront\u00eban outburst of eathless emotion .
cue numerous shot of photogenic cuban gushing with joy 
grief 
pity 
terror and the like.the problem is
that the simplicity of the narrative is marred
by endless excursion into film-school artiness 
latino caricature 
marx other slapstick
and even - during a particularly underwhelming editing trick - the celluloid scratching of a schoolkid defacement onto a character 's face.unidimensional character abound .
cunda 
the boss at the post office 
is a humourless dominatrix-nosferatu .
her boss-eyed accomplice 
concha 
variously points finger 
eavesdrop and screech .
cesar 
the metalhead dolt and romantic interest 
reveal hidden writing talent
when carla depart for miami .
a chase scene
( in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward )
is thrown in for good measure .
all this would be fine in a mortadello and filemon comic strip ,
but in a black-and-white zero-fx flick with highow pretension 
ahem.nada mas attempt to straddle the stile somewhere between the 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-stranger ' of amelie and the 'poetry-as-great-redeemer ' theme of il postino .
like amelie 
its protagonist is an eccentric single white female
who combats impending spinsterdom
by trying to ing magic into the life of stranger .
and like il postino 
the film does not flinch from sustained recital of poetry
and a postman on a bicycle takes a romantic lead .
unfortunately 
nada mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film.there are two thing
that might merit watching this film in a late-night tv stupor .
the first is the opening overhead shot of carla on a checker-tiled floor ,
which cuts to the crossword puzzle
she is working on .
the second is to see nada mas as a cautionary example :
our post buena vista social club obsession with cuban artistic output can often blinker us into accepting any dross
that features a bongo on the soundtrack .
this film should not have merited a global release -
film such as waiting list and guantanamera cover similar thematic territory far more successfully .
