although the flock has some pretty good
acting by veteran richard gere ,
and some okay shot
that might harken some back to the silence of the lambs day ,
the movie stretches credibility to the eaking point and destroys itself against a plot
that really leads nowhere.the film is about erroll babbage
( gere )
who works for the department of safety
and is preparing to retire .
his office thrust upon him his replacement 
allison lowry
( claire dane 
stardust ) ,
who quickly discovers
that babbage is obsessed with his job .
and that job are not very fun .
he monitors hundred of sexual offender
who are on parole in his jurisdiction .
allison goes with erroll on many call
to check up on his `` flock '' of offender and learns
that he is in desperate need of retirement .
but erroll is good at his job
even if his method are not .
he taunts sexual predator
and even has physical conflict with them .
erroll justifies his action by inging up these deviant ' past .
it is this `` good justification ''
that challenges the audience on some level ,
letting us see
how utal erroll is and yet how out-of-touch he is become
( by being too close to his job )
.when a teenage girl goes missing in erroll 's `` area '' ,
he immediate leap to the conclusion
that she was abducted by one of his flock .
but how could he know ?
is erroll that good at his job ?
allison challenges him and erroll push back .
their battle become as fierce as erroll 's need
to find this missing
girl.although the set-up for the story
was okay ,
it did not have any umpf !
i will give credit to richard gere 
however ,
who plays the erroll character very well .
battling retirement .
worried about everyone who 's near his flock .
disgusted with those he is responsible for overseeing .
disgusted with himself
for having to do some of thing
he does .
quite a change in character portrayal for gere .
but beyond him there is not much else .
some of the set are okay
( dark and dangerous )
but there are so many other problem
as to be laughable.i will be the first
to admit
that suspending disbelief is a requirement
whenever watching film .
but that suspension has limit .
the biggest push against those limit is the destruction of extremely vital crime scene .
someone as meticulous as erroll would know
that moving a body would be a huge no-no .
or trampling through a crime scene .
or moving evidence .
it went beyond
and hurt the film to no end.the other damaging part of this film
is that we never get into clair dane ' character 
allison .
she is almost dropped by the wayside at the end of the film
and we are never privy to what her intension might be :
will she stay or leave ?
will she end up like erroll
if she does stay ?
this is not a horrible film
as it does touch on some uncomfortable moral ground ,
but the story as a whole needed
to be tightened up .
