possibly the most illiant thing about che :
part two ,
as we begin to integrate it with part one in our mind ,
is that there is no clarification
of why che chose to confidentially abscond from cuba after the revolution 
no allusion to his experience in the congo 
no clarification of why he chose bolivia as his subsequent setting for a coup d'etat ,
no allusion to the political decision
he made as a young man motorcycling across south america ,
which walter salle has given prominent familiarity .
extraordinary focus is given to che meeting the volunteer
who accompany his guerrilla faction .
yet hardly any endeavor is made to single them out as individual 
to establish involved relationship .
he is reasonably unreasonable .
che drives an uneakable doctrine
to leave no wounded man behind .
but there is no feeling
that he is deeply directly concerned with his man .
it is the concept.in part 1 
in cuba ,
the rebel are welcomed by the person of the village 
given food and cover ,
supported in what grows to be a victorious revolution .
here 
in bolivia 
not much understanding is apparent .
villager expose him .
they protect governmant troop 
not his own .
when he expounds on the onesidedness of the governmant medical system ,
his audience appears uninterested .
you can not lead a person into revolution
if they do not want to comply .
soderbergh shows u.s. military adviser working with the bolivian ,
but does not fault the united state for che is collapse .
che seems to have just misfigured his fight and the place
where he wanted to have it.in showcasing both war ,
soderbergh does not build his battle scene as action with specific result .
che is man attack
and are attacked .
they exchange fire with faraway assailant .
there is generally a cut to the group in the aftershock of combat ,
its death toll not paused for .
this is not a war movie .
it is about one man 's reasonably unreasonable drive to endure .
there is no elaborate cinematography .
soderbergh looks firmly at che is inflexible dedication .
there are remarkable sporadic visceral shot ,
but being few they are all the more powerful ,
such as che is pov shot during his final beat .
there is an abundance of the terrain ,
where these man live for week at a time ,
and the all-consuming effect is of languor ,
guevara himself having malaria part of the time.benicio del toro 
one of the film 's producer 
gives a champion 's performance 
not least
because it is modest .
he is not portrayed as the cutting edge like most epic hero .
in cuba ,
he arises in conquest 
in bolivia ,
he falls to the reverse ,
and occasionally is actually difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair .
del toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude .
you may think
the film is too long .
i think
there is a genuine cause for its eadth .
guevara 's affair in cuba and particularly bolivia was not a sequence of episode and sketch 
but an undertaking of staying power
that might virtually be called insane .
in the end 
che as a whole or in part is a commercially ballsy movie 
one
where its director begin by understanding the limit innate in cinematic biography
and working progressively within those mean .
