this 1996 movie was the first adaptation of jane eyre
that i ever watched
and when i did so i was appalled by it .
so much of the novel had been left out and i considered william hurt to be terribly miscast as rochester .
since then i have watched all the other noteworthy adaptation of the novel 
the three short version of '44 
'70 and '97 and the three mini series of '73 
'83 and 2006 
and i have noticed
that there are worse adaptation
and worse rochester.this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation
as far as cinematography is concerned .
director franco zerifferelli revel in beautiful long shot of snow
falling from a winter sky ,
of lonely rochester
standing on a rock ,
and of jane
looking out of the window -
but he is less good at telling a story and inging character to life .
in addition 
his script merely scratches the surface of the novel
by leaving out many important scene .
as a consequence the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between jane and rochester ,
and sadly
it does also not include the humorous side of their intercourse .
there are a number of short conversation between rochester and jane 
each of them beautifully staged ,
but the couple of sentence
they exchange do not suffice to show the audience
that they are drawn to each other .
we know
that they are supposed to fall in love ,
but we never see it actually happen .
the scene
in which rochester wants to find out jane 's reaction to his dilemma
by putting his case in hypothetical form
before her after the wounded mason has left
the house
is completely missing ,
and the farewell scene 
the most important scene
- the climax - of the novel
is reduced to four sentence .
zerifferelli does not make the mistake
other scriptwriter have made in substituting their own poor writing for bront\u00eb 's superb line ,
neither are crucial scene completely changed and rewritten ,
but he makes the less offensive
but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scene out .
what remains is just a glimpse of the novel ,
which does no justice to charlotte bront\u00eb 's masterpiece.the cast
is a mixed bag :
while fiona shaw is an excellent mrs reed ,
anna paquin 's young jane is more an ill-mannered 
pout lolita than a lonely little girl 
longing for love .
the ever-reliable joan plowright makes a very likable 
but far too shrewd mrs fairfaix ,
and one can not help feeling
that billie whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of plain-looking 
hard-working grace poole .
charlotte gainsbourgh as the grown-up heroine 
however 
is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre .
looking every bit like 18 
thin and frail 
with irregular 
strong feature ,
she comes closest to my inner vision of jane than any other actress in that role .
and during the first 15 minute of her screen time i was enchanted by her performance .
gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will
which are hidden behind the stoic mask .
but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane 's character any further .
as a result of leaving out so many scene and shortening so much of the dialogue ,
gainsbourgh 's portrayal of jane must necessarily remain incomplete
and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory .
this is a pity ,
as with a better script charlotte gainsbourgh might have been as good a jane as zelah clarke in the '83 version.but
while it is still obvious
that gainsbourgh is trying to play jane ,
there is no trace whatsoever of rochester in the character
that william hurt portray .
hurt ,
who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good movie ,
must have been aware
that he was physically and type-wise so miscast
that he did not even attempt at playing the rochester of the novel .
his rochester ,
besides being blond and blue-eyed ,
is a soft-spoken 
well-mannered nobleman 
shy and quiet 
slightly queer and eccentric ,
but basically good-natured and mild .
he is so far from being irascible 
moody and grim
that line
referring to these trait of his character sound
absolutely ridiculous .
additionally 
during many moment of the movie 
hurt 's facial expression leaves one wondering
if he is fighting against acute attack of the sleeping sickness .
particularly in the proposal scene
he grimaces like a patient rallying from a general anaesthetic
and is hardly able to keep his eye open .
if you compare his rochester to the strong-willed and charming protagonist of the novel ,
simply bursting with energy and temperament ,
it is no wonder
that many viewer are disappointed in hurt 's performance .
still 
he offends me less than the rochester in the '70 
'97 and 2006 version and i would in general rank this jane eyre higher
than these three other one .
hurt obviously had the wit to recognise
that he could not be the rochester of the novel
and therefore did not try to do so 
wherea george c. scott 
ciar\u00e0n hind and toby stephen thought
they could ,
but failed miserably 
and i would rather watch a character other than rochester than a rochester
who is badly played .
and i would rather watch a jane eyre movie
which leaves out many line of the novel
but does not invent new one than a version
which uses modernised dialogue
which sound
as if they could be uttered by a today 's couple in a starbuck caf\u00e9 .
of course this jane eyre is a failure ,
but at least it is an inoffensive one ,
which is more than one can say of the '97 and 2006 adaptation .
i would therefore not desist anyone from watching this adaptation :
you will not find jane eyre ,
but at least you will find a beautifully made movie .
