the power to dream is a wonderful thing .
there is a saying 
`` not all dreamer achieve 
but all achiever dream . ''
by exploring our imagination
we shape our own future .
or build empire .
perhaps overcome our fear 
limitation and obstacle .
gain wisdom and benefit mankind .
or ( put simply )
just find our way to true love and happiness .
freud might express such thing in symbol .
the language of fantasy.tristan venture out of a rather twee english village
called wall .
he goes through a eak in the wall .
a portal .
in search of something that will prove his love to victorium
( sienna miller ) .
victorium does not take him very seriously .
so he pledges to ing back a falling
star.stormhold is the world outside the wall .
he discovers
the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl 
yvaine
( claire dane ) .
to complicate matter 
three evil witch want to get hold of yvaine .
if they can eat her heart ,
it will replenish their youth .
( one of the witch is played by michelle pfeiffer ,
who does fabulous young-old transformation of look and manner . )
the 'good guy '
they meet on their way
is captain shakespeare
( robert de niro ) .
he has a fierce ,
swashbuckling pirate exterior but is a sweetie closet queen underneath .
heir of stormhold meanwhile are engaged in a pitched battle over inheriting the kingdom .
ricky gervais is an added extras .
a buffoon trader throwing in standard gervais-type gag well .
tristan 's purity of spirit arouses the love of yvaine ,
so there is a nice little triangle going .
till he achieves the maturity to discern pedestal divas from real women.stardust
is a full-on 
large scale fantasy
that does credit to its myriad star .
wholly positive ,
and written with a clarity
that makes it more worthy of psychoanalysis
that a coven full of harry potter romp .
production value rival hollywood ,
and the storyline is free of the racial stereotyping 
misogyny 
religious or class agenda than shape and pervert so many large scale fantasies.that is not to say
that stardust is without its fault .
plot and dialogue have many predictable element ,
and the fairytale quality may be too saccharine for some audience .
but if you want an excuse
to let your heart fly ,
this film may well provide it.as a boy ,
i remember listening in wonder to albums by the moody blue
( who practiced in a house
not far from where i lived ) .
they made record with name like `` in search of the lost chord 
''
and wrote lyric like 
`` thinking is the best way to travel . ''
i would fill my head with book on magic and mystery 
from timothy leary to aleister crowley .
shaping dream .
learning to make them real .
nowaday person might talk of nlp or positive thinking .
adult that remember how to dream with the force of youth but with the vision and application of maturity .
do you still enjoy that feeling ?
you are advised not to wait for stardust on dvd .
see it on the biggest cinema screen
you can find .
and dolby digital surround sound
if you can get it .
the actor look like they had a ball .
maybe you will too .
