the movie `` atlantis :
the lost empire '' is a shining gem in the rubble of film
produced by the disney studio recently .
parent
who have had to sit through `` the jungle book 2 '' or even a pokemon movie
will surely appreciate this one.the film is one of few to attempt at an original story ;
previous feature film were merely re telling of existing story .
film such as `` toy story '' ,
`` finding nemo '' ,
and `` monster inc. '' all do the same ,
but it must be noted
that all were made by pixar and only distributed by disney .
recent film from the disney studio are mostly released direct to video ,
and are sequel to an existing successful film .
the quality of those film is given way to the profitability .
a new era started with `` atlantis ''
following it were `` mulan '' 
`` lilo and stitch '' ,
and most recently `` open range '' .
the writer have created all original story line
instead of the fairy tale of the past.a good portion of the movie is devoted to the quest
to find atlantis 
a task
that has captured the imagination of many for hundred of year .
including that of young milo thatch ,
voiced by michael j. fox .
milo is employed by a museum in washington d.c.. his grandfather
was a renowned archaeologist ,
who had devoted his life to discovering atlantis .
this was seen as a waste by his peer ,
and they wish milo to not follow in his footstep .
after failing to convince the museum board of director to sponsor his expedition ,
milo comes home
to find a woman in his darkened apartment .
she takes him to her employer 
a mr. whitmore .
whitmore was a close friend of milo 's grandfather ,
and wish to send milo with a team
to locate atlantis .
mr. whitmore is very wealth
and has paid for the best of everything .
the crew
that is to accompany him
is the same as his grandfather .
the journey is filled with many great obstacle to overcome
and is great fun to watch .
the viewer finds themselves caught up
in if they will reach atlantis .
the plot takes an unexpected turn after the discovery atlantis 
not just the discovery of person .
it is enough
to keep the interest of the older audience.the animator have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation .
the movie is very successful in blending traditional animation with computer generated image .
a feat not easily achieved ,
most audience are quick to notice the difference in the two .
the character are believably human .
there are some nice chase type scene ,
with lot of action going on .
a few lull are filled with joke
that the child just may not get.the creativity of the writer really shine through .
the culture of atlantis is richly developed ,
including an entire language .
the film uses reference to atlantis from historical source 
such as plato .
the disappearance of atlantis from the world is explained .
believable ,
if by a younger audience ,
that magic really does exist .
the power of the person of atlantis are not exactly presented as magic ,
but can best be described in this way.although set in 1914 the level of technology
used is unrealistic .
the voyage is in a submarine very reminiscent of captain nemo 's nautilus 
complete with sub pod
that fire torpedo .
the giant digger are driven by steam boiler
so they did try for some era technology .
the female character are empowered in a way
that woman of the age would not have been ,
even holding role in leadership .
this is not a bad thing .
it gives a good role model for my daughter
to look to ,
rather than an all male cast.one reason
this film is a favorite of mine over other disney film
is that there is not one single song 
ever .
a tradition
that began with the first feature film ,
`` snow white '' ,
and carried on through to `` the lion king '' ,
almost every disney film is full of upbeat song .
this is great and all ,
what would the seven dwarfs be without `` hi ho ! `` ?
after the millionth time through it would almost be better
without ,
but this one spares the parent .
not once does every single person on the screen suddenly know the word to a song
that no one has ever heard before and eak out in song .
i for one am grateful.the storyline and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parent and child alike .
it is a film i
am willing to watch again and again with my child .
