zatoichi the outlaw was the first film
made by its hero 's
( shintaro katsu )
own production company 
this is perhaps
why this is a slightly lesser entry in the series ,
though it is by no mean weak overall .
it tells of our hero coming across two town 
rival boss and a mysterious ronin
helping the poor and from this set up spins a tale encompassing tragedy 
violence and no little interest ,
all served up with lashing of the unshowy
but inspired swordplay
that is one of the series trademark .
it is a fairly predictable plot
and it mounts in unsurprising fashion ,
but it zips along with style
and is interesting stuff .
the helpful ronin for example is a nobly inscrutable revolutionary character ,
upsetting the established order
without being painted as a truly likable or heroic figure ,
zatoichi himself makes one or two mistake
and cause harm by his action ,
whilst the ruling system fuels the exploitation of the poor .
its a harsh world 
with one or two more visceral than expected moment in the fighting ,
though thing are not as rousing
as they could be .
shintaro katsu turns in a typical avura performance as zatoichi ,
mixing wisdom 
deadly skill and worldliness with a subtly sad sense of vulnerability ,
while solid work comes also from rentar\u00f4 mikuni and an effectively baleful k\u00f4 nishimura
( later to appear as katsu 's superior `` snake '' magobei in the hanzo trilogy )
as the two main boss in the film .
there is also a good emotional turn from yuko hamada as a wronged woman .
the film loses out through shaky pacing
and a not so well constructed sequence of event ,
there is at least one slightly jarring time jump
and the power of the plot becomes a little lost 
meaning
that
when thing heat up toward the end
the film is not as exciting
as it could be ,
emotional impact is lost also .
the action or scene of zatoichi
using his ingenious skill
are well handled by director satsuo yamamoto ,
though some of the gambling is less interesting
and the film builds up in a workmanlike
rather than really inspired way ,
without the lively character or strong verve of some other installment .
still 
i enjoyed this one ,
it has its flaw
and is not one of the best of the series
but it still packs a sweetly satisfying dose of entertainment 
a good story and decent dose of zatoichi 's trademark ingenious and quirky cool .
recommended for fan of the series ,
and a reasonable entry point 
classy stuff though not a true great .
