*warning .
there might be spoiler ahead ,
if you care .
*okay 
the basic premise of this homegrown texas film is :
college kid + spookhouse + evil magic book = scary stuff .
in practice 
it equals a lot of time
looking at the time
to see how much longer this movie is going to drag on .
a bunch of frat boy 
along with assorted girlfriend and volunteer 
is setting up a charity haunted house .
the project is being presided over by a thoroughly repellent character ,
whose main purpose seems to be verbally and physically assaulting as many cast member as possible .
i had a hard time
believing
that anyone would even attempt to work with this person in any capacity :
he is nothing but rude and abusive to everyone ,
including his girlfriend and his buddy .
regardless 
the kid are visited by local character and annual pumpkin-carving champion `` pumpkin jack '' 
an elderly coot
who is described as the `` santa claus of halloween '' ,
and who drops off a load of prop for the house ,
including an ominous book
that figured prominently in the irritatingly strobe-flashed prologue
( where a gaggle of robed cultist get turned into stir-fry ) .
needless to say ,
some damn fool starts messing with the book ,
and eventually most of the costumed monster turn into real one ,
and the remaining few normal folk have to try and survive .
there is some good stuff in this film ,
but not much :
everything is shot well ,
and the makeup effect are decent .
on the other hand 
the performer either underact 
or overact drastically ; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a `` this happens
so that can happen '' series ;
there is hardly any musical score to speak of 
just snatch of song throughout the film ;
and the movie takes an hour
to actually get anywhere .
that last problem is the most telling :
two-third of the 90 minute running time is used
to repeatedly set up the character .
tom is a nice guy dating heidi the control freak ,
but he used to date jill ,
who is now dating dan the jerk ,
but she is started a relationship kira the girl
who wears too many shawls/cape .
dan is a really big jerk 
gary like to play joke ,
and steve and lily like to have a lot of sex .
stuff that could have easily been dealt with in 20 minute or so drags on and on 
to the point
where the lesbian `` sex '' scene
( calm down ,
it is pretty tame )
left me looking for the fast forward button .
that leaves us with half an hour of lo-calorie scare 
a klunky ending and a deep-seated dislike of ol ' pumpkin jack ,
who i blame for the whole mess .
unless you can get this on some sort of deep-discount rental
( and really have seen everything else in the store ) ,
put it back on the shelf
and keep looking .
