in the day
before gore and sex took over ,
real horror film were made .
castle of blood is 
in my estimation 
one of the finest ,
although other reviewer have given
it mixed rating .
in an odd sort of way it reminds of the more recent the other ,
which was in the theater a couple of year ago.director antonio margheriti
remade his own picture in 1970 titling it this time web of the spider
( aka nella stretta morsa del ragno ) .
why he did this i do not understand ,
although the remake starred anthony franciosa and klaus kinski and was very good in its own right .
perhaps he saw a good story
and wished to tailor it more to american audience .
i do not really know .
it is interesting
that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color.castle of blood is excellent italian gothic .
la danza macaa is said to be an unpublished work of edgar allen poe ,
who `` appears '' in this film .
poe and lord blackwood 
owner of a haunted castle 
bet american writer alan foster
( george riviere )
that he can not spend all soul night
in said castle and survive .
foster eagerly accepts the bet
but soon regret it ,
for he is witness to a series of murder
committed by ghost .
it seems
that the ghost come back to life once every few year
but are doomed to re-enact the crime
they committed in life .
lord blackwood conveniently forgot to tell foster
that his blood is needed for them to resurrect themselves on the next all soul night !
it does not take foster and the beautiful elisabeth blackwood
( portrayed by the incomparable barbara steele )
long to fall in love ,
even though their romance is doomed ,
because elisabeth is one of the ghost .
i will not give the ending away ,
but will just say
that castle of blood is every bit a romantic tragedy
as it is a horror story .
comment .
this film is greatly atmospheric 
even by the excellent standard of the italian .
my personal opinion is they do true horror better than anybody ,
and the somewhat dim black and white filming only enhances this .
in fairness 
web of the spider was fine in its own right 
even with color and greater ightness .
i loved the lingering shot ,
something most modern day director do not have the patience for .
indeed ,
when alan first enters the doomed castle ,
we are treated to several minute of him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room 
the dread and unease building in his face and mannerism .
by the time the first ghost appears 
the audience is thoroughly primed and ready .
there is wonderful dialogue between alan and the ghost ,
something else not often done in standard ghost story .
there are also memorable scene 
very visual for this type of film .
elisabeth 's `` murder '' and the dance scene
( reminds somewhat of the similar dance of the ghouls in 1962 's carnival of soul )
were particularly good.sadly ,
few general interest viewer will ever hear of 
much less see 
this film .
that is a shame ,
for this one is a cut above the rest .
i got my copy from sinister cinema and am not certain
if it can be purchased anywhere else .
for person interested in this genre ,
it is a must see .
