i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness
( 2007 )
because the netflix computer recommendation engine suggested i watch this film .
apparently 
at some point 
i told
it how much i liked michael haneke 's 
benny 's video .
i do not know about you ,
but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over thomas c. dunn 's film
and made the allocation of my time toward
it virtually impossible to refuse .
just this kind of recommendation from the netflix computer intelligence 
for me 
had the aesthetic/moral movie bar
set to level so high
that 
upon reflection 
it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film
produced in the year 2007.having prefaced my response to the film that way 
i am going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal ;
and i really hate to do
that
because i think our boy 
wes bentley 
happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema ,
but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talent in the us .
i am more than moderately concerned
that the poor guy 's going to miss the fame ship
if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie director like this.the perfect witness is about micky
( wes bentley ) ,
who 
about thirty 
still lives with mom
( `` you are not drinkin ' again area ya 's ?
`` ) ,
but he is a `` filmmaker '' or at the very least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension for shooting would-be johns in the seedy back alley of philadelphia with his dvx 100b .
out there ,
doing his private investigator-like drill ,
micky `` inadvertently '' video-tape a utal murder on a hapless early-twenty-ish coed with his hand held camcorder .
baring the notion in mind
that snuff and movie as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto
( and not to the debt of his unwitting friend and relative
who put up the money for his atrocious film ) ,
micky approaches the assailant 
jame lemac
( mark borkowski :
also takes a writing credit )
or `` mac the knife '' \u0096whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulse ,
holding this found footage over the attacker with threat of the police.the problem with this movie is not that no interesting idea exist because they do .
while both the writing and direction are amateurish ,
that alone does not make a film bad .
it is that these guy commit a rather poor assumption
that what they are presenting
is shocking in the context of a culture
in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log-on to the web
and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little mac or pc .
no film rely on shock value alone any more
( unless of course 
ironically ,
it is a film about torture on animal )
and therefore cinematic image of violence
( real or fake )
have less and less cultural capital with each year
that passes .
also 
we have got this astounding actor-talent in the lead all styled-up 
real hip guy :
his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it 
backward 
just like the dork from high school
who craved after the potential service of my primary love interest \u0096same guy
who just now calls himself a `` poet .
`` spare me .
`` i am an artist 
''
`` i am a filmmaker . ''
okay .
please do 
carry on with that shtick 
cronnie .
seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock .
and go ahead ,
you can wear all the accrutement of a `` creative ''
but do not expect us top respond to you ,
to follow your below average character
through your two hour movie
while you take down wes bentley 's career .
why do not we just let history speak to the merit of what you do 
filmmaker guy .
my guess is history will eventually have say something about that \u0096like ,
probably that is in not is good
as you think
it is .
and yeah 
odd are you will be laying the blame on your dear ole ma 
end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness ;
hooked on smack and covered in your buddy 's blood with a video camera in your hand .
great .
