i honestly had no idea that the notorious b.i.g .
( bert i. gordon the director ;
not the murdered rapper ) was still active in the 80 's !
i always presumed the deliciously inept `` empire of the ant ''
stood as his last masterful accomplishment in the horror genre ,
but that was before my dirty little hand stumbled upon an ancient and dusty vhs copy of `` the coming '' 
a totally obscure and unheard of witchery-movie
that actually turned out a more or less pleasant surprise !
what starts out as a seemingly atmospheric tale of late dark age soon takes a silly turn
when a villager of year 1692 inexplicably becomes transferred to present day salum 
massachusetts and promptly attacks a girl in the history museum .
for you see 
this particular girl is the reincarnation of ann putman
who was a bona fide evil girl in 1692 and falsely accused over twenty person of practicing witchcraft
which led to their execution at the state .
the man
who attacked loreen
lost his wife and daughter this and want his overdue revenge .
but poor and three century older loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl ,
or is she ?
`` burned at the stake '' unfold like a mixture between `` the exorcist '' and `` witchfinder general '' with a tad bit of `` the time machine '' thrown in for good measure .
way to go 
bert !
the plot becomes sillier and more senseless with every new twist
but at least it never transcends into complete boredom 
like too often the case in other contemporary witchcraft movie like `` the dunwich horror '' and `` the devonsville terror '' .
the film jumps back and forth between the event in present day and flashback of 1692 ;
which keeps it rather amusing and fast-paced .
the ann putman girl is quite a fascinating character 
reminiscent of the abigail william character in the more commonly known stage play `` the crucible ''
( also depicted by winona ryder in the 1996 motion picture ) .
there are a couple of cool death sequence 
like the teacher in the graveyard or the journalist in the liary ,
that are committed by the ghost of malignant reverend
who made a pact with ann putman and perhaps even the devil himself .
the film gets pretty spastic and completely absurd near the end ,
but overall there is some good cheesy fun
to be had .
plus 
the least you can say
about bert i. gordon is that he definitely build up some directorial competence over the year .
