first 
let me say
that notorious is an absolutely charming film 
very lovingly rendered of its time and subject
( s ) .
gretchen mol is utterly 
painfully convincing 
the very soul of the contradiction smoothly reified by ms. page herself .
irving and paula klaw are richly drawn as the working-class stiff
they were
( having met paula at movie star news in 1990 i
can say
that lili taylor 's performance is unimpeachable ) ,
and jared harris as john willie
( coutts )
is an adoringly debauched genius .
anyone with an interest in the recorded history of american attitude toward sexuality must see this movie 
in a theater preferably ,
where vote made with dollar count more.second ,
i will allow
that i am a producer of material similar to that
for which the klaws would become famous ,
which is no way affects my estimation of ms. harron 's work as the splendid piece
that it is ,
but does condition my view of notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order .
ms. harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion .
along with v for vendetta ,
it is a movie about another time for our times.few reader of this site will be aware
that the government they will see enacted in notorious
( through transcription of the very word
uttered in closed senate committee hearing )
is a very close approximation of the one
they live under right now .
while ms. harron expressly disallows
that she has a political agenda appended to this film 
her faithfulness to the fact 
and the respectful and unsensational way
in which she renders them 
synchronizes notorious with the present day .
the very acts
that notorious portray in loving and accurate detail
are defined as obscene by the communication decency act ,
recently ought to the supreme court as a first amendment case
and turned back there at the behest of the bush administration .
in other word 
the delicate and ineffectual bondage depicted in notorious is indictable today by federal prosecutor in whatever
( hostile )
jurisdiction they choose .
of course 
there were no hearing in the senate or elsewhere on this matter
when the cda was passed .
of course you know nothing about it ,
because you do not want person in peoria telling you what you can
and can not look at ( likewise ,
person in peoria probably do not want me telling them what they are allowed to view ) .
of course notorious will never be indicted .
it is hollywood .
it is lawyered up .
countless klaws will 
however 
continue to be steamrolled by a puritanical bureaucracy
that has not advanced its aesthetic 
moral or biological composition much in 50+ years.in addition 
notorious posts no 18 usc 2257 compliance statement ,
which is mandated by the unnoticed `` earmark ''
recently voted into law .
if any medium contain image of `` sadomasochistic restraint ''
it is required to make available
( ex warrant )
record of age and circumstance of all performer .
notorious fail in this regard also.in addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an
( nearly )
accurate historical document 
notorious will be the litmus
against which the bush justice department is itself judged with respect to the 14th
( equal protection )
amendment and on perhaps several other constitutional ground .
in this regard alone 
a debt of gratitude is owed mary harron .
you will be grateful in any case 
constitutional or otherwise ,
if you see this film .
