`` this might mean the end of the white race ! ''
gasps a general as a dozen native zombie wander around the battlefield of europe during the `` great war '' .
an expedition sets out tor the long-lost 
back-projected city of kennif-angor
to stop this sort of thing
and keep the battlefield clear for decent honest white person to slaughter each other by the ten of thousands.it
is a bit hard
to tell
when person are zombie or not in this film
as the acting is so wooden .
even by 1936 standard the acting in this film is bad .
from a previous decade .
it looks like it came out of a correspondence school text book on 'how to act '
-- -- -- -- -- -- - chapter three : emotion -- -- -- -- -- --
- ''
how to express fear and loathing
( female )
clench both fist .
place fist of one hand on heart .
open mouth as it to scream .
place other fist 
palm out 
against mouth .
hold pose for 10 second longer than is comfortable
then quickly turn head 90 degree away from direction of loathed object and sob '' .
`` how to have difficult ,
heavily emotionally charged scene with ex-fianc\u00e9 explaining your love for someone else .
do not make eye contact .
do not move .
do not show any emotion .
do not move your eye too much
as you read your line off the studio wall . ''
to give us a respite from the leaden acting the director cunningly cut in long pause
where nothing much happens
except that film keeps running through the projector .
thus 35 minute 's worth of story is padded out to 60ish minutes.the revolt of the zombie
when it comes is so slow !
released from mental bondage the army of ex-zombiefied minion turn on their former master by ambling slowly up hill
and then sort of stabbing a door a bit
and smashing a window .
`` yea ... let 's ... oh 
i dunnno yeah .
let 's get him grrr .
frankenstein must be destroyed - manana . ''
( though i have just found a bit of hidden symbolism .
jagger is shot by a native as some sort of ironic counterpoint to all the native
being shot by the german at the start of the flick .
see 
even downtrodden native do not want the end of the white race ! )
the chase
( it you can call it that )
through the back-projected swamp is hilarious
and worth the admission price alone .
roy d'arcy has a hell of a time camping it up ,
but is totally wasted ,
as col. mazovia.there is one interesting moment in this film .
a nice little montage of the zombied native and white cast member falling under the evil eye spell .
face after face 
cross-fade into one another .
it works ,
though there is a strange little blip in the middle of each close up
like a frame has been cut .
i guess
these must be neg cutter ' frame between the fades.best watched with friend and in a silly mood .
