those
who have given this production such a low rating
probably have never seen the celeated george balanchine production live onstage ,
or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement .
the atlanta ballet was fortunate enough 
from the 1960 's to the 1980 's ,
to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production other than the new york city ballet ,
and i have seen
it live onstage several time .
i can assure reader
that the film is a quite accurate rendering of this production ,
and
that the use of a child with limited dancing ability in the title role is not a cheap stunt
dreamed up to showcase culkin ;
it was balanchine 's idea to use a child in this role ,
just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of marie .
the `` heavy '' dancing is left to the adult in the story.this
is deliberately a stagebound film ;
in a way 
it resembles laurence olivier 's `` othello '' .
exactly as in that film 
the set of the stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundstage ,
but not made any less artificial ,
and the ballet is straightforwardly photographed with discreet closeup ,
and without the distracting `` music video '' quick cut featured in the 1986 overrated maurice sendak-carroll ballard version .
there are only two false step in this 1993 film .
one is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effect
( mouse squeak 
the child whispering `` ma-gic ! ''
to drosselmeyer 
etc . ) .
those sound effect are never heard in any stage production of any `` nutcracker '' ,
and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audience
who may not relish the idea
of watching a ballet on film.the other false step is macaulay culkin 's nutcracker make-up ,
which looks absolutely ridiculous .
when he is on screen as the nutcracker ,
rather than wearing a huge mask
( as is always done
when the balanchine production is performed onstage ) ,
culkin is actually made up as the toy -
he wears what looks like a bald cap 
as well as a white wig 
whisker 
and a beard .
he also has his face rouged up somewhat ,
and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizably his face ,
amateurishly transformed in a manner similar to ray bolger 
jack haley and bert lahr 's makeup in `` the wizard of oz ''
( that film 's makeup result though ,
worked spectacularly ,
as this one 's does not ) .
and a comparison with baryshnikov 's nutcracker in *his* production shows
how wonderfully creative baryshnikov 's nutcracker mask was - the `` jaws '' actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back.the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent 
of course 
except for culkin himself ,
whose dancing ,
as i said ,
is not meant to even be spectacular .
( the sugar plum fairy and her cavalier are the prominent dancing role in balanchine 's production of `` the nutcracker '' . )
the film 's color 
though 
could be a bit ighter
since this is a fantasy .
the choreography is also illiant ,
and the adaptation of it is so faithful as to include the sequence
that features additional music from tchaikovsky 's ballet `` the sleeping beauty ''
- as marie sneaks downstairs 
falls asleep on the sofa 
and dream
that drosselmeyer is `` repairing '' the oken nutcracker
( this sequence was 
of course 
never included in tchaikovsky 's original ballet -- -it is the only sequence in this production
which features music from a work other than `` the nutcracker '' ) .those
who have missed out on this film 
or those
who despise
( or loathe it )
should give it a chance ,
despite its two big drawback .
it is far better
than it seems when one first hears that culkin is in it .
