we now travel to a parallel universe
where the appearance of giant prehistoric monster flattening city are part of the daily routine .
it is the world of godzilla 
rodan 
mothra ghidrah and their kind - a strange world ,
and one made even stranger by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle
called gamera.forever in the shadow of the monolithic toho studio ,
second rung daiei studio were more famous for samurai sagas than monster movie .
in the mid 60s they decided to join the giant reptile race
and designed a rival monster series to toho 's mammothly successful godzilla .
they wisely chose gamera
as their flagship - a giant turtle
that shoots flame from between its snaggle-teeth 
and spins through the air by shooting flame through its shell 's foot-hole
( and at one point you almost see the paper mache shell catch fire !
) .the first gamera film `` gamera the invincible ''
( as it was sold to the us )
is a virtual mirror of the first godzilla film 
only 10 year behind .
american fighter chase an unmarked plane over the arctic to its fiery demise -
the nuclear bomb on board ignite
and awakens the giant gamera from its icy slumber .
feeding off atomic energy 
it immediately goes on a rampage ,
and the world wants to destroy gamera once and for all ,
but a little japanese boy named kenny ,
who has a psychic connection with the giant turtle
and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium by his bedside ,
believes
gamera is essentially kind and benevolent .
he is like a little jewish kid with a pinup of hitler .
`` gamera is a good turtle 
''
he pleads 
then sulk ,
and puts on a face like someone 's pooped in his coco pop .
miraculously the world 's leader listen to him ,
and so begins z-plan to save the world and gamera from complete destruction.released in 1965 ,
gamera was a surprising hit .
the annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audience in both japan and the us ,
and the sight of gamera on two foot stomping miniature of tokyo and the north pole is gloriously chintzy .
most surprising of all is the longevity of the series :
eight original gamera film 
plus a slew of recent remake .
not bad for a mutant reptile
whose only friend is mewing eight year old milquetoast -
and if i hear `` gamera is friend to all child '' one more time i am
going to crush tokyo .
which appears to be an easy task in the parallel universe
where child are smart
and turtle are bigger than a seiko billboard in the 1965 turtle-fest gamera .
