i have been working my way through a collection of lugosi film recently ,
and having just been blown away a couple of day ago by the combination of lugosi and boris karloff in `` the black cat '' i was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in `` the raven . ''
ala 
it just did not work for me ,
and by the end of the film i was quite disappointed.for the first three quarters of this movie or so i thought
the story lacked any real suspense .
lugosi was doing a pretty good job of holding thing together as the somewhat mad dr. vollin 
some sort of surgical genius
who falls in love with a young woman
( irene ware )
he treats after a car accident
but who can not have her -
partly
because she is already engaged ,
and partly because her father
( samuel s. hind )
disapprove .
to deal with that situation ,
he enlists the aid of edmond bateman
( boris karloff )
- a horribly ugly man
who wants vollin to make him look more acceptable .
aside from lugosi 's performance 
though 
i found little to hold my interest .
then 
suddenly 
in the last fifteen or twenty minute 
the movie shift around completely .
suddenly it becomes quite suspenseful ,
but i thought lugosi 's performance fell apart ,
largely because the movie tried to shift him from mad to insane -
and there is a difference .
he plays the `` mad '' role very well -
controlled and in control but evil .
`` insane '' is a more out of control evil ,
and i did not think
lugosi pulled that off well .
at one point 
he offers some maniacal laughter
which just comes across as fake .
in the meantime 
karloff was a huge disappointment .
he never grabbed me at all .
as an aside 
it must have grated on lugosi that - in movie
in which they co-star - karloff gets the top billing ,
even though in `` the raven '' it is clearly lugosi
who is the lead actor .
this surely gives a hint
as to how universal ranked their two great horror stars - inexplicably ,
i would add ,
because i have always thought of lugosi as the better actor of the two.in any event ,
there is no real connection here to edgar allen poe 's story `` the raven '' -
except that vollin is a poe fanatic ,
who tries to recreate some of the torture technique from poe 's story .
overall 
a disappointment .
4/10 .
