joseph l. mankiewicz 's sleuth did not need a remake .
it is a thoroughly well made film
that stands up well to this day .
however ,
given that the modern day remake machine is currently in full swing ;
i really can not say
i am surprised to see the film updated for modern audience .
the plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man 
milo tindle ,
who goes off
to see an older man 
andrew wyke ,
to discuss a divorce
as the younger man is having an affair with the older man 's wife .
from there 
a game of cat and mouse ensue .
its clear right from the outset
that director kenneth branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film
and he does so by way of the central location ,
which has been changed from the charming game-ridden country house of the original to a technical marvel kitted out with layer of security equipment .
i am glad
that the director chose to make this change
as nobody wants to see a remake
that directly copy of the original ;
plus there is the fact
that the location is well used
and always nice
to look at .
unfortunately 
however 
the positive element of sleuth 2007
end there.the original film was over two hour long ,
while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minute .
naturally 
therefore 
that means that this version has less about it ;
and unfortunately it is the character
that suffer .
the plot is also rushed
and we get into the first twist in the tale far too quickly
and before we are given any chance
to actually understand
why and how these event can be taking place .
the film does not build the character 
or the rapport between them ,
enough
to make sure
that their relationship makes sense .
one major thing
that has been changed about the older character is his obsession ;
in the original he was obsessed with game
which turned out to be very important
once the twist come into play .
here he has some kind of security fetish
that does not really mean anything by the end .
kenneth branagh 's handling of the film allows for a classy score
but the class ends there .
the original thrived on it 
but this film is happy merely to soil itself with expletive on numerous 
and mostly unwarranted 
occasion ;
which cheapen the whole thing .
the final twist in the tale is completely different
to how it was in the original and ensures
that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion .
after spending two hour with the original i understood 
respected and liked both character
presented in the film -
after eighty minute of this 
i hated them both .
i do have some respect for branagh for not merely rolling out a carbon copy of the original film ;
but this is not a good adaptation of the great anthony shaffer play .
