directed by govind nihalani ,
this is definite cop film of indian cinema .
may be the first one
which portrayed the stark reality of corruption in the police force and politic with no holds barred
and how it effect on a young cop .
a man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father .
agreed
that we grew up watching lot of good cop/bad cop hindi film
but this is different .
today 's generation ,
which grown up watching dark and realistic film like- 'satya ' ,
'company ' may be consider it inferior product in comparison
but look at the time of its making .
the film was made absolutely off beat tone in the time
when person did not pay much attention to such kind of cinema
and yet it becomes a most sought
after cop film in class and mass audience
when it released .
for om puri its first eakthrough in mainstream hindi cinema
and he delivered a class performance as inspector velankar .
its more than cop character 
he internalized a lot
which is something original in acting .
watch his scene with his father whom he hates and smita
whom he loves .
smita patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level .
my god what a natural expression she carried ! ! !
shafi inamdar was truly a discovery for me
and he is a illiant character actor
if given a chance and here in some of the scene
he outsmarted even om .
the movie is also a debut of a promising villain on indian screen- sadashiv amrapurkar as 'rama shetty ' .
it is another story
that he did not get such a meaty role and almost forgotten today as one of the loud villain of dharmendra 's b grade action film .
watch the scene
where om 1st time becomes a rebel for his father
( played by amrish puri )
and next both are sharing wine together .
how inner truth started revealing for both the character with confronting feeling of love and hate for each other .
two faces of indian police force- masculinity and impotency and in between lies- half truth
( ardh satya )
kudos to nihalani 's touch .
the film won 2 national award
as best hindi feature film
and best actor- om puri and 3 filmfare award in best film 
best director and best supporting actor category .
recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious hindi film.ratings- 8/10
