recap :
zandalee is a young woman
that feels more and more trapped in her marriage with thierry .
thierry himself is struggling with the death of his father the previous year
and has lost his way .
he has submerged himself in work ,
laid of his writing ,
and zandalee desperately misses the attraction between them .
into this enter johnny 
and old friend of thierry 's who once were artist in exile together .
but johnny has kept on painting ,
and just have a day job for the rent .
he takes the day
as it comes and leaves tomorrow to its destiny .
there is an instant raw attraction between zandalee and johnny ,
and they enter into an affair .
but zandalee struggles with her lust to be desired and her conscience and love for her husband .
but none of them 
not zandalee 
not johnny and not thierry can stop the relationship between them to spin totally out of control.comment :
it is set as a thriller .
but maybe more a thriller of heart than a normal thriller
where it is about life and death 
and threat of violence .
not that a thriller of heart can not take on fatal proportion ,
but the threat comes from a different angle .
and it is not really until the second half in zandalee until the thriller emerges ,
and even though the foundation for it is laid in the first half ,
i can not really describe the genre as a thriller then .
much more of a romantic drama than anything else ,
but with the underlying current of other genre .
the developing thriller is there ,
but it also has more than a little tint of a sensual erotic kind .
because that is what it is all about ,
what drives the character
and therefore the entire story .
desire .
the need to have ,
and the need to be.in my opinion
it is quite good 
definitely a lot better than its current
( 4.1 )
rating anyway .
it takes its time
but it grows a good feeling of suspense ,
and it handles the erotic part very well 
with taste .
it is always an integral part of the story ,
needed to be there
to give the story
it is needed weight ,
and i never felt
it was an excuse
to show a naked east or anything like that .
but unfortunately the climax of the story comes well before the end ,
and the end itself feels kind of flat ,
even if in its own way kind of dramatic.the cast is impressive ,
spearheaded by known actor like nicholas cage and judge reinhold .
but the show is almost completely stolen by erika anderson .
beautiful and very adept at acting out the sometimes subtle feeling of desire ,
she excel were both cage
and reinhold sometimes goes a bot overboard
and become a little rough .
her career afterward is too thin for the talent
she shows in zandalee ,
i can only hope
it is because of her own choice .
also two personal favorite appear in small role
that give some extra edge to the movie ,
it is steve buscemi
and joe pantoliano.when you are in the right mood this
is a very good movie ,
it could have used another end
to get the credit
it really deserves.7/10
