after `` star war :
a new hope '' redefined science fiction ,
and `` the empire strikes back '' redefined `` star war '' ,
it is hard to believe
that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two ,
but this one really does a nice job .
the first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one 
with an elaborate escape plan
that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two film .
then the film moves back to the rebel alliance
and what is going on in the war .
there is a lot of action in the scene building
up to the rebellion 's final confrontation with the emperor .
when the battle begins ,
the audience is already on the edge of their seat from everything leading up to it ,
and this final battle is even more intense than those from the other film .
this climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy 
with the most at stake for the rebellion .
this is continually changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on land
( including han solo 
chewbacca 
and leia ) ,
the battle raging on in space
( including lando ) ,
and a confrontation between luke and the emperor on the new death star ,
which leads up to another duel with darth vader .
it is really intense
since the rebel constantly seem to be losing the battle
that will determine the outcome of the war ,
and there seems to be no escape .
although i think
the idea of ewok overpowering stormtrooper is a bit far-fetched ,
it did not seem very unrealistic
since they were more of a distraction
that the rebel could use 
rather than an actual threat to the stormtrooper ,
although they did have some luck fighting them .
there is also a twist or two at the end
that nobody saw coming ,
which may not be quite as stunning as that of `` the empire strikes back '' ,
but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well .
with the light tone of `` a new hope '' and the more sinnister tone of `` the empire strikes back '' 
this film really completes them
by combining the two in this grand finale .
the special edition for `` return of the jedi '' concentrated on what would have been nice to change ,
since not much of the original really needed it .
fifteen year of technology advancement did not seem to make up for fifteen year of deterioration as far
as the rancor scene is concerned ,
and there still is the occasional disappearing tie fighter ,
but other
than that it was good .
the gaping non-threatening sarlaac 's mouth was given moving tentacle and a huge fly-trap
looking head that emerged ,
which definitely added to the suspense .
also 
the disco was taken out of jabba 's palace ,
and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celeation spanning the entire galaxy 
instead of just a small ewok village ,
which was the case of the original
and that did not really end a story this big the way it deserved .
it is hard to say
which of the three film was the best ,
but since it is all part of the same story ,
the over-all trilogy is like one big 
outstanding film .
a third must-see for film fan .
