before i explain the `` alias '' comment let me say
that `` the desert trail '' is bad even by the standard of western staring the three stooge .
in fact it features carman laroux as semi- bad girl juanita ,
when you hear her mexican accent
you will immediately recognize her as senorita rita from the classic stooge short `` saved by the belle '' .
in `` the desert trail '' john wayne gets to play the moe howard character and eddy chandler gets to play curly howard .
like their stooge counterparts a running gag throughout
the 53- minute movie is moe
hitting curly .
wayne 's character 
a skirt chasing bully 
is not very endearing ,
but is supposed to be the good guy .
playing a traveling rodeo cowboy wayne holds up the rodeo box office at gunpoint
and takes the prize money
he would have won
if the attendance proceed had been good-the other rider
have to settle for 25 cent on the dollar
( actually even less after wayne robs the box office ) .
no explanation is given for wayne 's ripping off the rider
and still being considered the hero
who gets the girl .
thing get complicated at this point
because the villain
( al ferguson )
and his sidekick larry fine
( played by paul fix-who
would go on to play sheriff micah on television 's `` the rifleman '' )
see wayne rob the box office
and then steal the remainder of the money
and kill the rodeo manager .
moe and curly get blamed .
so moe and curly move to another town
to get away from the law
and they change their name to smith and jone .
who do they meet first but their old friend larry ,
whose sister becomes the 2nd half love interest
( senorita rita is left behind it the old town
and makes no further appearance in the movie ) .
larry 's sister is nicely played by a radiantly beautiful mary kornman
( now grown up but in her younger day she was one of the original cast member of hal roach 's `` our gang '' short ) .
kornman is the main reason
to watch the mega-lame western
and her scene with moe and curly are much better than any other in the production ,
as if they used an entirely different crew to film them .
even for 1935 the action sequences in this thing are extremely weak
and the technical film- making is staggeringly bad .
the two main chase scene end with stock footage wide shot of a rider falling from a horse .
both times the editor cut to a shot of one of the character rolling on the ground ,
but there is no horse in the frame ,
the film stock is completely different ,
and the character has on different clothe than the stunt rider .
there is liberal use of stock footage in other place ,
none of it even remotely convincing .
one thing to watch for is a scene midway into the movie
where moe and curly get on their horse and ride away
( to screen right )
from a cabin as the posse is galloping toward the cabin from the left .
the cameraman follows the two stooge with a slow pan right
and then does a whip pan to the left
to reveal the approaching posse .
outside of home movie i have never seen anything like this ,
not because it is looks stupid
( which it does )
but because a competent director would never stage a scene in this manner .
they would film the two rider leaving
and then reposition the camera and film the posse approaching as a separate action .
or if they were feeling creative
they would stage the sequence
so the camera shows the rider in the foreground and the posse approaching in the background .
then again 
what do i know ?
i am only a child .
