i am not a fan of the left behind book series -
the book are written at a 6th-grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science 
technology 
and politic .
while the book do manage to remain faithful to scripture ,
their method of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous
( an example is their explanation for the russian/arab invasion of israel ) .
also 
the book have an unmistakable preachy tone
that will turn off unbeliever rather than ing them to the gospel .
still 
i found myself reading these book
because of my interest in the event of revelation .
for a similar reason 
i watched this film adaptation .
i am sad to say
that it is a rather mediocre film
bordering on poor .
the acting is actually rather decent for the most part with occasional bit of poor acting and over-acting .
the script is rather bad ,
though it is hardly unexpected
when starting with the novel as a basis .
the character are poorly drawn and underdeveloped .
event feel scattered and disconnected .
the dialogue sometime sounds rushed .
at least the book managed to flesh out its hokey conspiracy theory .
here 
the viewer is left with an incoherent mess
that only makes much sense
if one has read the book .
the pacing of the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and conclusion seeming extremely rushed ,
and the middle dragging to an excruciatingly slow trudge
that makes it feel padded .
the music is schizophrenic .
at time 
it successfully underscores the mood and sounds fitting for a motion picture .
at other moment 
it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music .
and still other bit remind me of a poppy mtv soundtrack
that just does not belong in the film .
i can give the film point for the scene of panic on board the plane ,
but that is it .
the other scene
involving the disaster
after the rapture are far from compelling .
the film also suffers from the book 's preachiness
although its message is not quite as in your face .
in all 
i found the movie just as disappointing as the series .
this is not the film to rally christian around it .
i hope
that this film does not get any attention at the theater next year .
it would be more unnecessary bad publicity for christianity .
for an example of a compelling 
intelligent 
well-researched series based on revelation
that presents a realistic and christian world view
without offending the secular reader
( who
after all should be whom a christian
is trying to reach )
read the christ clone trilogy by jame beauseigneur .
it is a great read
and is a much better choice for unbeliever or believer
who appreciate quality .
