i am fully aware
there is no statistical datum
that readily supports the correlation between video game and real life violence .
the movie is false and phony
because it is in complete contradiction of itself ,
which is what i tried to emphasize in my original review .
the movie fails 
not necessarily because i really do think
these kid were influenced by video game ,
but because the movie sets it up as `` random ''
and does not follow through .
let me clarify .
in aileen :
life and death of a serial killer 
you can see her claim about the police
and being controlled by radio wave
are ridiculous ,
yet she is so troubled ,
she really believes them to be true .
the viewer can make the distinction however .
in zero day 
the 2 kid keep saying
how they are not influenced by anything environmental ,
which is obviously false
since everything they do contradict this .
neo-nazism ,
talking about going on cnn with wolf blitzer
( which is laughable not only because they know his name ,
but its a shameless attempt by the filmmaker
to get coverage of his bad movie )
..etc .
this movie does not depict 'reality ' ,
it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point .
unfortunately you fell for the bait
and did not see this ,
and you did not pick up on it from my review either .
the entire movie is just taking michael moore 's hypothesis
and applying it to something `` real life '' in hope of validating
and it fails ,
not necessarily
because the hypothesis is wrong ,
but because the movie is wrong
and does not support it .
of course i do not think kid
that play video game are more likely to kill person ,
but if i am not mistaken ,
did not video tape exist of the columbine kid
( or some teen killer )
shooting gun in the forest claiming
how much they looked or acted like the weaponry in doom ?
hmmmmmmm 
the distinction is kid are most likely aware of the medium 
influenced 
but obviously balanced or intelligent enough
that its not even an issue .
zero day is a bad movie
not because i really believe a correlation exists ,
but because the film maker does not know what hes trying to say ,
and the movie does more to disprove his point then support it .
it is almost
as if the new rating
given to video game
made someone upset
so they came up with 'zero day ' in retaliation .
if you want to see the 'mindless ' teen killer theory
pulled off right 
go watch bully .
