le grand voyage is a gentle miracle of a film ,
a work made more profound
because of its understated script by writer/director isma\u00ebl ferroukhi
who allows the natural scenery of this 'road trip ' story and the sophisticated acting of the star nicola cazal\u00e9 and mohamed majd to carry the emotional impact of the film .
ferroukhi 's vision is very capably enhanced by the cinematography of katell djian
( a sensitive mixture of travelogue vista of horizon and tightly photographed duet between character )
and the musical score by fowzi guerdjou
who manages to maintain some beautiful theme throughout the film
while paying homage to the many local musical variation from the numerous country the film survey .
reda
( nicola cazal\u00e9 )
lives with his muslim family in southern france 
a young student with a western girlfriend
who does not seem to be following the religious direction of his heritage .
his elderly father
( mohamed majd )
has decided his time
has come to make his hadj to mecca ,
and being unable to drive ,
requests the reluctant reda to forsake his personal need to drive him to his ultimate religious obligation .
the two set out in a fragile automobile to travel through france 
into italy 
and on through bulgaria 
croatia 
slovenia 
and turkey to saudi arabia .
along the trip reda plead with his father to visit some of the interesting sight ,
but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey and reda is irritably left
to struggle with his father 's demand .
on their pilgrimage they encounter an old woman
( ghina ognianova )
who attaches herself to the two man
and must eventually be deserted by reda 
a turkish man mustapha
( jacky nercessian )
who promises to guide the father/son duo but instead ings about a schism
by getting reda drunk in a bar and disappearing 
and countless border patrol guard and custom agent
who delay their progress for various reason .
tension between father and son mount :
reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so fraught with trial and mishap ,
and the father can not comprehend reda 's insensitivity to the father 's religious belief and need .
at last they reach mecca
where they are surrounded by hoard of pilgrim from all around the world
and the sensation of trip 's significance is overwhelming to reda .
the manner
in which the story comes to a close
is touching and rich with meaning .
it has taken a religious pilgrimage
to restore the gap between youth and old age 
between son and father 
and between defiance and acceptance of religious value .
the visual impact of this film is extraordinary - all the more
so because it feels
as though the camera just 'happens ' to catch the beauty of the many stopping point along the way
without the need
to enhance them with special effect .
nicola cazal\u00e9 is a superb actor
( be sure to see his most recent
and currently showing film 'the grocer 's son ' )
and it is his carefully nuanced role
that ings the magic to this film .
another fine film from the film movemant ,
this is a tender story illiantly told .
highly recommanded .
grady harp
