if you hit your teen in the 70s ,
as i did ,
you probably remember the story about studio 54
whether or not you liked disco .
an exclusive club 
it was the perfect symbol of 70s cultural overindulgence and self-absorption ;
there is even an excellent vh1 documentary about the club
that could tell you
everything you wanted to know about its heyday ,
and the story are easily interesting enough
to spawn a very captivating film.sadly ,
this is not it .
54 follows the life of a few of its employee 
a bartender
named shane
( ryan phillippe ) ,
a busboy named greg
( breckin meyer ) ,
his wife 
a coat-check girl 
anita
( selma hayek ) ,
and of course the master of ceremoney himself 
steve rubell
( mike meyer ) .
while the goings-on at the club are well represented ,
this film concerns itself more with the personal life of the worker ,
following shane 's story the closest.the movie works in spurt .
sometime it captures perfectly the shallowness of the nightlife culture
( such as when shane is taken to a dinner party
and does not know who 'errol flynt ' is ) ,
and other time it waxes into hokey melodrama .
some of that is inherent in the premise \u0096
following the underling
as they mingle in the world of the rich and fabulous \u0096
but a lot of it is due to the kid-gloved treatment
with which both the club and rubell are given throughout the movie .
while rubell certainly electrified the scene in new york with his penchant for over-the-top spectacle and his exclusive hand-picking of the crowds each night ,
the rampant drug and sexuality are only iefly touched on ;
and rubell himself ,
while his excess are mentioned ,
come off oddly positive for a guy
who was in life a liar 
a cheat 
a drug abuser 
and promiscuous as all hell .
not that i was looking for the man to be pilloried here ,
but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the diminishing of the nightlife culture
he helped to elevate .
a final scene
where he gazes down at the regular paternally
is so emotionally false
as to be patently absurd.meyer does his best to capture rubell ,
but he is given so little to work with here
it is surprising his performance is effective ;
but he is good ,
and he helps to anchor the film .
philippe ,
whom i find generally to be a good actor ,
is hamstrung here by the shallowness and stupidity of his character ;
he is limited to a deer-in-the-headlights smile or a sullen uncomprehending frown ,
and even he can not translate that into a strong performance .
hayek and meyer are both okay 
again ,
undercut by the writing ,
and neve campbell \u0096 prominently featured on the dvd cover \u0096 appears so iefly
she really has an extended cameo.for some reason
i still find myself interested 
even fascinated 
by the popular culture of the second half of the seventy .
but even given that 
this is not a film
that particularly engaged me ,
despite a predisposition to like it .
i would say
if that era 
or that club 
has any interest for you ,
track down the vh1 special rather than this middle-of-the-road melodrama .
