normally
when i write a review for a movie online ,
it is for one of three reason .
either 
i have found
something exceptionally lacking in a film
that otherwise would have been excellent ,
i feel
that the public 's perception of a film
before viewing it is inaccurate for a number of reason ,
or i believe
that the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewer .
while all of these reason may appear to be somewhat negative ,
i find
that writing a review
that lavishes nothing but praise and statemant such as 
`` this is one of the best film of all time !
`` 
does nothing to enlighten a potential viewer on its merit and downside ,
nor does it often give reasoning
as to why a movie is so good ,
which should be the point of the review in the first place .
with that
being said ,
war of the world is nothing more than a hurried 
incompetent attempt at a money grab ;
piggy-backing its loathsome carcass on the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the film of the same name
directed by steven spielberg .
many person will buy this dvd in anticipation of the summer blockbuster
and many more poor soul will buy it looking for more material on the same subject .
this movie is not even `` so bad ''
that it becomes funny or endearing ,
rather the audience will be so unbelievably disappointed
as to reach the point of anger .
now with most of the insult out of the way ,
allow me to give some argumant as a warning to those more fortunate than i. judging from the cover and the lack of any publicity for this film
( i found it as sam 's club for 8 buck ) ,
i assumed
that the cast would be no-names
and that the special effect would be nothing too spectacular .
check .
this is not a big deal for me ,
as i find a large budget
and an over-reliance on big name star and se can diminish an otherwise decent movie .
i also did not expect to be blown away by great dialog or a moving score .
check again .
what i did hope
for was an actual serious attempt at a classic theme and a few alien/battle scene .
now ,
as per imdb 's policy any spoiler must be announced in advance ,
no matter how small ,
so here is fair warning .
the movie opens with a lot of inane small-talk ,
followed by a trip to an observatory
to look at a red dot .
seriously 
it is a picture of a red dot in a tube .
it is very hard to describe every little issue in depth 
but by the end of the first ten minute 
the combination of shaky camera-work 
spliced scene 
and a lot of walking
begin to frustrate the viewer .
however 
the costuming is surprisingly not bad and the hope
that the pod will reveal something mysterious keep
you going .
the next 30 minute basically go as follows :
one of the main character walk to one of the pod ,
he looks at the pod and talk to another main character
about looking at the pod
and it may be hot .
they both walk back to town .
these walk are not two second or added
so that dialog may be exchanged .
they are twenty second or more
and are there simply to add filler to an already bloated three hour movie .
in a particularly grueling scene 
the main character is shown looking at a pod ,
then he is shown pacing and panting ,
then he looks at the pod ,
then he takes a one minute walk through a field to town ,
then comes in to town and walk into a building ,
then he has a cup of coffee
and says
`` thank you mary '' to a random maid
that serves him coffee ,
then he puts down the coffee and walk out the building ,
then he walk a minute through the field and back to the pod .
i apologize for the extreme run-on sentence ,
but it is perhaps the best way to summarize this entire film .
character speak way too long about mundane thing ,
they walk a lot ,
they send other person to walk ,
the camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed 
but for no dramatic effect 
simply the camera man is a sophomore at tech somewhere .
the editing is mind-bogglingly bad .
person action make little sense .
for instance ,
when the professor goes to a farmer 's house
and says
that he needs the farmer
to give him a ride to town 
the farmer stutter and pace around .
when the professor says
that there is a pod
and that man might be trapped inside ,
the farmer locks him in a shed
only to see the professor grab a pitchfork and open the weak shed a second later .
nothing of any consequence of course comes from this entire scene ,
as the professor runs into the main character a momant later
so they can begin their afternoon walk .
the entire film feel
as if someone at one point
had a good idea
about making a film ,
but absolutely no idea how to put that in motion .
i have seen better high school video production .
finally 
the special effect are laughable
and do nothing to advance the story .
i get the feeling
that the director really wanted this film to become somewhat of a cult classic of campy garbage .
however 
it is so awful in technical aspect ,
and in sheer common sense
that it only makes person mad .
avoid this film at all cost .
