by 1909 
d.w. griffith had been directing film for the biograph company for about a year ,
and \u0096 working at a rate of two or three per week \u0096 was rapidly beginning to develop his skill as a filmmaker .
'the sealed room ' is a very interesting 11 minute short 
a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama
that even drifts slightly into the realm of early horror .
the simple narrative was probably inspired by edgar allen poe 's 1846 short story 
`` the cask of amontillado 
''
and concerns a powerful king
who conceives a deliciously sadistic form of revenge
to punish his wife 's infidelity.set in medieval time ,
'the sealed room ' begin with the king
( arthur v. johnson )
overseeing the construction of a windowless room from a sequestered dove-cote ,
the idea
being that he and his wife
( marion leonard )
will have a completely private place
to enjoy each other 's company .
he is obviously very much in love with her ,
always showing his affection ,
this latest act the crowning achievement of his endearment .
however 
unbeknownst to the king 
his wife has fallen in love with the royal minstrel
( henry b. walthall ) .
during one romantic liaison inside the specially-built room ,
the wife and the minstrel are discovered ,
and the heartoken king conceives a means of getting his retribution on the ignorant couple .
silently 
he order his workman to seal off the only doorway with stone and mortar ,
slowly descending into cackling insanity as each new stone is placed down.d.w .
griffith always had an eye for acute detail ,
and 'the sealed room ' is an excellent early example of this .
the lavish medieval century costume lend the film a sense of reality ,
and the castle interior looks authentic enough to be believable .
at the time 
the director was also pioneering method
of creating suspense ,
and i must admit
that 
as the film progressed 
i became fixated on finding out what would happen to the hapless young lover .
in the early minute 
griffith restricts his shot to lengthy long-take from a stationary camera
( as was usual at the time ) ,
but soon \u0096 parallel to the progressively darker subject matter \u0096
he alters his editing tactic in a fascinating way .
though he may not have invented the technique ,
griffith was crucial in popularising the use of `` cross-cutting '' \u0096
that is 
alternating between different event occurring at the same time .
not only does this create a sense of continuity ,
but it also maximises the level of suspense ,
since we 
as the audience 
are well aware 
not only of the king 's ghastly action ,
but also that the wife and the minstrel are oblivious to it all.despite these innovation 
'the sealed room ' suffer from many of the shortcoming typical of the era .
the entire film takes place in just two room ,
with footage captured from a total of just three position ,
and so it is prone to become dull and monotonous at time .
the acting performance are greatly exaggerated for extra effect 
however 
at least in the case of arthur v. johnson 
his overplaying actually contributed to recognising the escalating madness of the betrayed king .
a moment
that i thought
particularly effective was when the two lover attempted to exit the room ,
only to find their only doorway replaced with a wall of solid stone .
their panicked reaction ,
accompanied by the silent maniacal cackling of the king ,
serve very well to create an impending sense of claustrophobia .
i did think 
however ,
that their supply of oxygen was exhausted surprisingly quickly .
