i saw this film over the weekend
and
while i was impressed as always with the beauty and polish of church-produced film ,
i left disappointed
that this one fell so short ,
failing to inform member
and leaving investigator with many unanswered questions.the film is 70 minute of vignette from the life of joseph smith .
it is not a true biopic
because there is no real coherent narrative .
most of the episode concern joseph doing good deed ,
playing baseball ,
running race and laughing with child ,
often in sloooow motion .
what a great 
just folk kind of guy
that joseph was 
huh ?
look at him out there beating rug for his wife emma .
well 
howzbout the rug of his 33 plural wife ? ?
no mention whatsoever is made of polygamy .
a glaring omission.and it is in such omission
where the film falter .
it supplies too little information
and leaves critical thinking audience member wondering
why is joseph getting tarred and feathered ,
why is he getting thrown in jail
and why does that mob want to kill him ?
the film 's climax is of course joseph and hyrum 's trek to carthage jail
( riding past a veritable united nation of faces
looking out from nauvoo 's doorway ) .
but no mention is ever made about why .
nothing about smith suppressing the nauvoo expositor newspaper
and ordering its press destroyed for its revealing the secret teaching of polygamy .
the audience is left to wonder
or to assume
it is just more baseless persecution of the church .
no mention of joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law
and calling out the nauvoo militia.of course i certainly did not expect this church-produced film to present the joseph of richard bushman 's recent biography rough stone rolling ,
but i was surprised
and taken aback at just how little of substance was actually presented.and worse ,
what substance
that was presented
was often inaccurate .
two example jumped out at me .
first 
the translation of the book of mormon .
the film shows joseph reading right off the golden plate in their two-ring binder ,
which plate in reality were hidden far from the site .
it is well known that joseph did his translating by burying his face in his hat 
peering at the seer stone in there .
the second inaccuracy occurs at carthage jail ,
where the mob storms the cell .
the history of the church reports
that joseph had a six-shooter
and even fired off a few round
before jumping out the window
and giving the masonic signal of distress
( as reported in time and season )
.maybe
showing the reality of the gunfight would
have shattered the heart-tugging mood
the filmmaker had created ,
but by omitting it they were unfaithful to history and failed to show joseph
as he really was :
handy with a gun and able to defend himself .
in fact 
the impression the film gives is
that joseph was a nice guy ,
but also something of a milquetoast
that everybody beat up ,
tossed in jail
and eventually murdered in cold blood .
he was far from that ;
joseph was a disciplined and determined man
who endured a lot of hardship and struggle to ing to fruition that
in which he believed.see the film ,
but know going in that is it is cotton candy .
then get your meat and potato
by reading a copy of bushman 's biography of smith ,
rough stone rolling ps :
church-produced film have no credit ,
but seasoned eye can pick out a couple familiar faces .
rick macy is excellent as joseph smith 
sr. and bruce newbold 
beloved as thomas in finding faith in christ ,
here plays the cranky methodist minister
who failed to show christian love to a young seeker after truth .
