which do you think
the average person would know more/less about :
iranian cinema or iranian football ?
interestingly 
the two come to the forefront of controversial iranian filmmaker jafar panahi 's latest film entitled 'offside ' 
a tale
that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scene revolving around one 's right
to do something or go somewhere and an individual 's right
to extend that courtesy
if and when they had like to .
the odd thing is 
you do not come away from offside
having learnt about iranian football or too much about iranian cinema
( unless it is an education in panahi 's controversial style ) ,
but you do come away feeling enlightened ,
that at least someone from iran has taken a controversial issue
that is clearly still very much in force in a nation like iran ,
and is willing to present it to an international audience
rather than exploit it.i can remember the 2006 world cup ,
i am sure many person can .
it was the summer
after my initial year out at university and after the slog
that was my first year ,
a summer of world cup football acted as a nicely timed tonic .
needless to say ,
i saw practically every game bar the one
they show
simultaneously with the other one at the very end of the group stages
so that to avoid incidence
as seen in spain '82
when it was thought west germany and austria transpired to get a result between them
that would see them both through at the expense of algeria.anyone in britain
that was watching the bbc 's oadcast of the iran \u0096 mexico game 
both nation ' first of the tournamant 
may remember
that at the top of the show 
the bbc 's football anchorman gary lineker let off a snide commant
to introduce the match .
it went something like :
'we have seen giant germany 
england 
argentina and holland play
but now we get to see ... ... ... mexico
and iran battle it out ' .
the emphasis on the latter two being inferior was clear
and that maybe
watching them was a chore .
it is a shame
because there are person ,
and film like offside present them ,
who are really willing to see iran play to the point
where they risk their well-being
to achieve it
and it is sad when person in a position of power dismiss what they deem 'inferior '
when there are other
who 'd do anything to have the chance
to otherwise engage.when
immediately thinking of the word 'iran ' 
'football ' and 'world cup ' 
my mind flies back to the france '98 game between said nation and america .
here is a film about a world cup game of sort
involving iran
but where some or indeed most iranian filmmaker may well have opted to present a tale revolving around iran 's famous victory over the united state
and what that meant to them ,
director panahi chooses to look at what goes on behind the scene
and present a story from the stand
as woman are barred from football match
and are not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a game of immanse magnitude .
you can imagine a heavy handed film detailing iran 's 'victory ' as a lumbering propaganda film
designed to exploit
as they 'defeat ' a western power or 'enemy ' at a sport
they perhaps were not expected to do so in.a couple of film
that spring to mind
when it comes to beating the unbeatable at their own game
are 2001 indian film 'lagaan ' ,
in which the indian peasant defeat the ruling british at cricket .
similalry 
2005 's 'the game of their life ' see the american defeat the english at a football match only this time in the 1950 world cup .
the difference between these film and offside are immanse ;
offside is looking at a situation behind a state 's mantality and dare
to explore an essence of feminism as the girl ,
trying to see their beloved iran defeat bahrain and qualify for the world cup ,
are rounded up like animal
and kept in a crude purgatory mere foot from a barred window
that would allow them to see the game .
the reasoning is to do with the foul language
the man 'may ' 
not will ,
but 'may ' use during the game .
the film present iran as so incompetent
that they can not take away a man 's right to swear and ban the bad language
but must ban a woman 's right
to see the game
all together \u0096
it is no wonder panahi 's film was itself banned in iran.but panahi remember to include what makes the rule so crazy in the first place
by frequently allowing his female character to both smoke cigarette and use mobile phone ,
two thing the doctor and scientist will have you
think are far more dangerous to the human body/mind than hearing a little bit of foul language at a football match .
panahi pays special attention to the title of his film 'offside '
which itself is a ruling within football detailing
when an 'attacker ' is 'caught ' trying to gain an advantage in the field of play .
the parallel run with the womans ' position in the film as these advancing
( supposedly without right )
individual are caught trying to put one over the opposition team ;
that
being the state itself.i think
offside is one of the better film
to come out of the middle east and surrounding gulf area
that i have seen .
it is a tense but humbling film about person
who do not carry any acting history
according to the imdb and thus ,
the acting is raw and real adding
that quaint neo-realist aura to it all .
the immediate ending is haunting and the constant verbal battle between the male soldier and female wrong-doer
who dared to defy the state
is wonderful .
i also think
for anyone to actually dislike the film for the reason
i have mantioned shows a distinct level of callous ,
either that or you work in the iranian governmant .
