ahista ahista is one little small illiant .
i started watching it ,
and at the beginning i got a little bored
since the pacing was slow and the main idea of one guy meeting a girl
who is lost
was not really new .
but as the film went on ,
i started getting increasingly and gradually engaged by the film 
the fantastic writing and the charming romance .
the film was extremely simple and natural
and after some time i felt i was watching a real documentation of one guy 's life .
there is one very good reason
the film got this feel ,
and it is the fresh talent
called abhay deol .
he is extremely convincing as the simple 
kind-hearted and struggling ankush ,
whose new love motivates him to make amend
and fight for a better life .
throughout the film 
he is presented as an ordinary mischievous prankster 
but also as a helping and loving person ,
who 
like anyone else will do anything to protect his love .
deol portrays all the different shade of his character ,
whether positive or negative ,
naturally and with complete ease.shivam nair 's direction is very good .
his depiction of the life of person in the rural neighbourhood is excellent ,
but what gets to be even more impressive is his portrayal of ankush 's relationship with the different person
who surround him ,
including his friend and his love interest megha
who he is ready to do anything for .
i also immensely liked the way
nair portrayed his interaction with his friend 's loud and plump mother
whom he calls 'khala '
( aunty ) .
he likes to drive her crazy and annoy her on every occasion ,
yet we see
that she occupies a very special place in his heart
and is like a mother-figure to him as evidenced in several scene .
except for abhay 
the rest of the cast performed well .
though soha ali khan did not stand out according to me ,
she was good
and had some of her mother 's charm .
the actor
who played ankush 's friend
were very good
as was the actress
who played ankush 's 'khala'.apart from the performance ,
the film 's writing was outstanding .
the dialogue were sort of ordinary yet illiant ,
and the script was also fantastic .
that is mainly because despite a not-so-new story
it was never overdone or melodramatic and there were no attempt
to make it look larger-than-life .
the film 's biggest weakness was himesh reshammiya 's uninspiring music
which was unsuitable for this film .
otherwise 
ahista ahista was a delightful watch
and it got only better with every scene .
the concept may not be new ,
but the film manages to look fresh
and becomes increasingly heartwarming
as the story goes by .
the ending was bittersweet 
kind of sad yet optimistic .
in short 
this movie really grows on you slowly ,
and this can be easily attributed to the wonderful writing 
the moving moment 
the charming romance 
the realistic proceedings 
and of course abhay deol 's memorable performance .
