i am guessing the writer have never read a book of any kind 
much less a dicken novel 
and certainly not david copperfield ,
and that they based their screenplay on another poorly written screenplay 
possibly an adaptation of copperfield ,
though just as likely anything else ,
from which they randomly discarded about a third of the page
and then shuffled the rest 
along with some random page from a screenplay
that someone 's eighth grade nephew had written for an english class ,
and for which he had received a failing grade .
if the casting was a bad joke
- e.g. 
richard as kramer
playing micawber -
which it was ,
then the direction and acting were the poorly- delivered punch line .
getting beyond kramer as micawber 
if possible 
ham was such a complete ogre 
hunch-back and all ,
that i was half expecting at some point
to see him being pursued by an angry pitch-fork and torch wielding mob of villager .
uriah was almost as much of a clown figure as micawber .
mr. murdstone evoked about as much terror as that muppet vampire from sesame street .
the actor playing older david was ,
i believe ,
actually a woman .
in any case 
looking perpetually
as if he wished
he could find a mirror to see
how pretty he looked ,
and fancied
that he looked quite pretty indeed ,
he could scarcely convince us
that he was writing with a quill pen .
and while we are on that subject ,
in one of the many gross inaccuracy
perpetrated by the half-wit producer of this embarrassment 
in the unnecessary shot of david writing his story he appears to be somewhere between 18 and 21 year old ,
when he should be in his forty .
perhaps the greatest transgression ,
although it is difficult to choose ,
was the invented showdown between david and murdstone
as he courted a third wife in switzerland ,
preceded of course by the invented death of murdstone 's second wife .
while they were at it
it is a wonder
they did not send heep to the guillotine ,
and have him deliver sidney carton 's famous last word .
it could not have made thing much worse really .
it might have been far far better.there are literally thousand of small and large sin against literature throughout this miscarriage of art ,
and anyone
who watches
it runs the risk of severe and permanent damage to all aspect of their sensibility .
