the israeli/palestinian conflict persist
and while the world may be aware of the violence
surrounding the division of the two country ,
few have a clue to the other aspect of the division - the group of person
who want peace and work toward eradicating the separation .
eytan fox 
in the bubble
( 'ha-buah ' ) ,
has created a much needed alternative viewpoint of the schism 
electing to tell a story
that contains some fine humor 
a lot of love 
and a taste of utal reality .
it is a window into a situation
that begs for understanding.in tel aviv three close friend are roommate :
lulu
( daniela virtzer ) ,
a beautiful young woman with strong opinion ; yali
( alon friedman ) ,
a very 'out ' gay young man
who works in a popular caf\u00e9 ;
and noam
( ohad knoller ) ,
a handsome 
somewhat shy fellow
who 
in addition to his day job in a music shop 
is a member of the national guard
and therefore spend his free time serving as a guard at the city 's checkpoint .
it is during one of these guard duty weekend
that he meets a young palestinian
named ashraf
( yousef 'joe ' sweid ) ,
and a mutual attraction occur .
the three friend decide to 'stowaway ' the illegally present ashraf
( whom they nickname with an israeli name )
and while ashraf and noam settle into a love relationship 
yali hire ashraf at his caf\u00e9 ,
and yali and lulu both proceed to find love interest 
too .
all goes well
until ashraf must return home for his sister 's wedding .
though in tel aviv ashraf has been able to be openly gay with noam 
life is far different in jerusalem :
ashraf is told
he must marry his sister 's groom-to-be sister .
in an attempt to rescue ashraf from his fate 
noam and lulu disguise themselves as french reporter to gain access to ashraf .
in a moment of supposed seclusion 
noam and ashraf are discovered kissing by the groom-to-be ,
and this act gives cause for blackmail in order for ashraf to remain 'in the closet'.while the young person in tel aviv are dancing at an event
to raise attention for peaceful coexistence 
an attack occur in jerusalem - one
that has grave consequence not only immediately ,
but also in the revenge mission ashraf must now assume .
the ending is tragic on many level
and it underlines just how serious the problem between these two country is.the acting is so very natural
that from both the comedic and the tragic aspects the audience completely believes in these beautiful young person .
the story finds the right balance between the serious and the lighthearted
and it is this balance
than makes eytan fox such a fine writer/director .
more person should watch this important and very fine film .
in heew 
arabic 
and english with subtitle .
grady harp
