spoiler hereinmy high school did all they could to try and motivate us for exam .
but the most memorable method
they used
to get us into the right state of mind
was a guest speaker ,
who was none other than australian kickboxing 's favorite son 
stan `` the man '' longinidis .
the first mistake
they made
was giving this guy a microphone ,
because he was screaming half the time
despite us sitting no more than 3 or 4 foot away from him .
now 
his speech was full of the usual `` if you fail to prepare ,
then prepare to fail '' stuff ,
but there were various instance
where i got really worked up .
the guy stood there in front of us preaching
how throughout his life he did everything for himself and no-one else .
he was offered many deal in the past
to give up kick-boxing ,
but he never took his eye off the prize of becoming australia 's greatest kick-boxer .
he said
that he was not a sell-out ,
he was happy and a retiree ,
he was not ever involved in any other activity other than kickboxing
then he plugged his film .
yes ,
you heard right ,
he plugged his new film .
as he talked about it ,
he got a woman
to come in
and hold up a poster advertising it ,
and then he showed this shitty 4 minute clip of this vile film
called `` trojan warrior '' .
( this all
being before he was defeated by gurkan ozkan in his final career fight
( for now ) )
stan play ajax 
a kick-boxing ex-special force agent
that is pulled into the seedy underworld of melbourne .
ajax 's cousin 
theo
( arthur angel )
recently sold out
( well 
at least stan did not stray too far away from everything )
to the fed ,
and as a result is on the run from all walk of organized crime .
ajax and theo get into all sort of ridiculous situation 
from fighting in a kebab shop
to posing as playboy at a bondage party .
it is all pretty ridiculous ,
but if silverstein was actually aiming to make a credible film here ,
this man should never be handed a camera again .
i will admit ,
i was actually pumped to see this .
i love action film ,
even if they are corny ,
and especially if it is set in my own backyard .
but what i was introduced to was a film with acting
that was appalling from the word `` go '' ,
and continued to do so
after the word `` for the love of god please make it stop !
`` 
subplot were introduced
and not even touched on again
after they were out in the open ,
character were just thrown in for absolutely no reason whatsoever ,
and the most over-choreographed fight scene
that did not even remotely reflect stan 's actual talent in kickboxing .
the cast consisted of useless cameo appearance by just about anyone remotely famous
( dermot brereton 
mark `` chopper '' read and greg matthew ) .
the whole time you are sitting there
and playing the guessing game of just who is standing there in the background .
too bad the movie relies heavily on split-second appearance by former celeity .
remember those plot-hole i told you about ?
ajax once upon a time was apparently locked up ,
wrongly accused for murdering his wife .
now 
we hear
that ajax was in special force via one single sentence in the whole film ,
and then leave it for buggery .
this is followed by another single sentence
which persuades ajax to help the same person
who wrongly locked him up .
then 
get this 
at the end 
it is revealed to ajax
that his wife is not actually dead ,
but was sold into prostitution .
do we see her ?
no .
does ajax go off to find her as soon as he hears this ?
no .
now that is a marriage !
amidst all this irritatingly puerile crap 
some website described this film as `` a cross between jackie chan and guy ritchie '' .
has this man ever sat down
and watched a jackie chan film ? !
chan shows more dexterity
taking a dump than stan
did doing 
well 
anything !
and guy ritchie is the crime-film messiah ,
and you are comparing him to salik silverstein ! ?
this film is more like a mix between `` pizza ''
and `` enter the ninja '' .
now 
where do you thing the whole `` trojan warrior '' title comes from ?
ajax 's fierce fighting skill like that of an ancient greek warrior ?
no .
the gangster ' unification to find theo 
like that of the trojan empire ?
no .
it is because wait for it theo carries a condom around with him .
yes ,
that right ,
because theo is always prepared with a trojan brand rubber in his pocket ,
he is a trojan warrior !
i had the displeasure of seeing `` trojan warrior '' on dvd 
as well
as it is `` special '' feature :
\u0095 video clip of `` chop chop '' 
a rap song by mark `` chopper '' read :
chopper did this for the sole purpose
of proving
that anyone can rap .
the funny thing was chopper just rapped for 30 second
and then threw it over to these two albino teen from doncaster ,
using such word as `` dis '' and `` dope '' etc in their australian accent .
face it person ,
rap was developed in the state ,
leave it there !
the clip looked like something a channel 31 cameraman on ecstasy put together .
\u0095 blooper :
there was no real difference between these and the actual film .
\u0095 stan `` the man '' longinidis kickboxing featurette :
this was not too bad ,
considering
it was just 6 or 7 different fight
shown from different angle
( i think
i saw dennis alexio fall over about 15 time in that 3 minute montage )
.i do not want to say this film contributes to the reason
this country is going to hell
when it comes to film ,
but ... oh wait 
i just did .
my advice to anyone reading this is for you to go out and buy 4 or 5 copy of `` trojan warrior '' ,
tape them together ,
and use it for a paperweight ,
because this movie is just that damn bad .
