is there any other time period
that has been so exhaustively covered by television
( or the medium in general )
as the 1960s ?
no .
and do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time ?
not really .
but if we must have one ,
does it have to be as shallow as `` the '60 '' ?
i like to think
that co-writer bill couturie and robert greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries
than what ultimately resulted ,
especially given couturie 's involvement in the superb hbo movie `` dear america :
letter home from vietnam ''
which utilized little original music and no original footage ,
letting the sight and sound of the time speak for themselves .
this presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production ,
but it does not do anyone any favour
by trying to do too much in too little time ;
like so many of its ilk 
it is seen from the point of view of one family .
but the child of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the '60
( it is amazing
that one of them does not go to the rolling stone gig at altamont ) ,
making it seem less like a period drama and more like a cliff notes version of the decade.the maker rush
through it so much
that there is little or no time
to give the character any character ,
with the stick figure called our protagonist off screen for age at a time -
the child 's father is especially clich\u00e9d -
and then
when they are back on blammo !
it is something else .
garry trudeau could teach the filmmaker a thing
or two about doing this kind of thing properly .
in fairness 
jerry o'connell 
jordana brewster 
jeremy sisto 
julia stile and charle s. dutton give their material the old college try ,
but they are wasted
( especially the latter two ) ;
it is undeniably good to see david alan grier in a rare straight role as activist fred hampton 
and rosanna arquette
( in an uncredited cameo in part 2 )
is always welcome.what is not welcome is how `` the '60 '' drowns the soundtrack with so many period song
that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect
( and this may well be the only time an american tv presentation about post-60 america
never mentions the british invasion - no beatle ,
no rolling stone ... then again ,
there is only so much tune
you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album 
right ? ) .
capping its surface-skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy
ending 
`` american dreams '' and `` the wonder year '' did it all much 
much better .
nothing to see here you can not see elsewhere 
person ... except for julia stile doing the twist ,
that is .
