when person think of downtown chicago
they think
of walter payton 
ditka and `` da bear '' 
ryne sandberg 
the white sox eaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal michael jordan and his six championship
( and final mvp 's )
with the chicago bull .
rarely in this generation do person think of the struggling side of chicago 
the ghettos 
the drug infested street and life in the urban housing project during the 1970's.one of television 's most formidable show ever and a groundeaking sitcom was `` good time '' ,
which i remember vaguely as a small child on cbs ,
and i enjoy regularly now on tv land .
`` good time '' was another norman lear classic 
the producer
that gave us `` the jefferson '' 
the best african american sitcom of all time and `` all in the family '' the greatest show of all time .
`` good time '' ought out the hardship of the ghetto and the urban housing project ,
and did so with charm 
well written and thoughtful plot ,
and some wonderful acting especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family
played by esther rolle and john amos .
the child in the supporting cast were also pretty good especially the ever popular janet jackson in her early year and ralph carter as florida and jame evan youngest son whose character at a young age realizes
that life is unfair ,
and he has to learn to stand on his own two feet.the eldest of the child j.j.
played by jimmy walker
is somewhat out of place on this show
and is there mainly for comic relief .
his emotional age is about 11 or 12
even though he looks like a guy in his early twenty .
j.j. gets annoying ,
and it is a credit to the often nasty jame evan
( amos )
that he never tells j.j. to get his own life ,
get a job
and get out of the house .
j.j. is an aspiring painter
but unlike his younger other is never serious about getting a college degree 
or more important to the family getting a job
to help support a household
that is just above welfare status.two classic episode of good time was the one
where the janet jackson character is running a fever of 104 ,
and florida evan is desperately seeking good medical help for her can not afford anything but a clinic doctor
who is very professional yet does not want to give a family from the project any more attention
than she legally has to .
the other episode is the one
where jame evan can not afford the rent a paltry low $ 104 a month .
the evan are about to get the largest of family setback ,
being thrown out of the project with no
where to go .
florida evan goes downtown to the board of social service
to try to get either a loan or a grant
to help her family .
but the government does not consider her family poor
because they have over $ 4,200 in asset for a family of five
which is unfairly but unfortunately legally over the poverty line .
jame and the kid want to hustle for the money ,
but florida is a person of great moral character
and does not want to do anything dishonest no matter
how dire their predicament is .
in the end the family does find a solution
to keep their head above water .
`` good time '' a classic show from the 1970 's is about keeping
you are head above water in a cruel world .
jame and florida evan both work hard in menial job
to try to ing their child up right
and avoid the social stigma of welfare .
i was too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a toddler in the 70s in its first airing on cbs ,
but i really enjoy the rerun on tv land in 2006 .
`` good time '' is one of the classic sitcom from back in the day .
