i had the privilege of watching scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film release .
it was great to see this on the big screen
as so much of it is lost on television set
and the overall largesse of this project can not be emphasized enough .
scarface is the remake of a classic rags
to riches to the depth of hell story
featuring al pacino
as cuban drug lord tony montana .
in this version 
tony comes to america during the cuban boat person immigration wave in the late 1970 
early 1980s .
tony and his cohort quickly get green card
by offing a political figure in tent city
and after a ief stay at a cuban restaurant ;
tony is launched on his horrific path to towards total destruction .
many of the character in this movie a played in such skilled manner
that is so enjoyable to watch i
have forgot little of this film over the last twenty year .
robert loggia as tony 's patron ,
frank lopez is wonderful .
his character is flawed by being too trusting ,
and as tony quickly figures out 
soft .
lopez 's right hand 
omar suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actor 
f. murray aaham
( amadeus . )
suarez is the ultimate toady
and will do anything for frank ;
it is like he does not have a mind of his own .
tony quickly sees this
and he constantly battles with suarez ,
but really only sees him as a minor problem
to get through on his way to the top .
the character
that always comes back to me
as being played so perfectly
is mel bernstein 
the audaciously corrupt miami narcotic detective
played by harris yulin
( training day . )
mel ,
without guilt extort great sum of money form all side of the drug industry .
he plays tony off of frank
until it catches up with him in a scene
that marks the exit from the film of both frank and mel .
it is priceless to hear frank asking for mel to intercede ,
as tony is about to kill him only to hear mel reply ,
`it is your tree frank ,
you are sitting in it . '
this is from the man
who frank had been paying for protection !
tony 's rise is meteoric
and is only matched in speed and intensity by his quick crash and burn .
after offing frank and taking his wife and business tony 's greed takes over
and he never can seem to get enough .
as tony plunge deeper into the world of drug 
greed and the inability
to trust he eventually kills his best friend and his sister
who had fallen in love and married .
this all set up the ending
in which tony 's compound is stormed by an army from his supplier
who feels betrayed
because tony would not go through with a political assassination
that was ordered .
this all stems form a compassionate moment
when tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder
that would have involved the victim 's wife and children.all in all this is a great depiction of 1980s excess and cocaine culture .
depalma does a nice job
of holding
it all together in one of the fastest moving three hour movie around .
the violence is extremely graphic
and contains a few scene
that will be forever etched on any viewer mind 
particularly the gruesome chainsaw seen ,
the two point blank shot to the head and the entire bloody melee
that ends the movie .
this is a highly recommended stylistically done film
that is not for the squeamish 
or for those
who need upbeat ending and potential sequel ;
depalma let it all fly right here .
