karen
( bobbie phillip )
mention ,
after one of her kid gets out of hand with his lame annoying joke ,
that
she will never survive this trip..boy ,
is she ever on the money .
karen is a school teacher
taking her group of kid from the shepley college of historical study to the butt ugly locale of a run-down manor in the major dung-heap of ireland..surely there are place in this country more appeasing to the sense than this ? !
the caretaker of the manor 
gary
( simon peacock )
warns karen and her student to stay on the path
and not to stray into the forest .
there is a myth
regarding the sawney bean clan 
a ritualistic druid cannibalistic ined family celeate samhain
( the end of summer 
october 31st ) ''
feast of the dead ''
where sacrifice are needed
to appease the spirit .
gary is supposedly clairvoyant 
his cousin pandora
( ginger lynn allen )
tells us ,
because he was born on samhain .
funny ,
because he sure does not see outcomes well or even give advice accurately .
nearly everyone dy
( ..even those
who never stray from the path )
and he does not even see his own gruesome fate .
what this monster
we hear eathing
is a victim of way
too much ineeding..it is face resemble a malformed mushroom
and it looks like a hideous reject from a mad max picture .
it does not take long
before the `` evil eeder '' is killing everyone .
paul
( howard rosenstein )
is karen 's love interest
who made the wrong decision
coming to ireland
without his girlfriend 's prior knowledge.horrible formula slasher does not stray from the norm .
it is minuscule budget show loudly
and the character are assembly line clich\u00e9s churned out yet again to be slaughtered in the usual gory way .
most of the violence flash across the screen quickly with not much dwelling on the eeder 's act of death towards his victim .
lot of gut get pulled out during the fast edit cut as one scene whisks to another .
seeing gillian leigh 's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two is not incentive enough to recommend it .
phil price has the really irritating trickster character 
steve ,
often shedding bad joke..how
he is able to get leigh 's barbara naked in the shower for some action
is anyone 's guess
because i have no reason
why he had stand a chance with such a hottie .
brandi-ann milant has the fortunate role of shae 
the quiet virgin smart girl
( who is also quite hot )
who
we know
will be the one
chosen by the screenplay to survive .
jenna jameson drop by long enough
to get her heart cut out of her chest
( at least we see her east momentarily before her chest is opened up )
with a few minor line about two missing friend
she is looking for .
the film 's main problem is that the story and character development grinds to a halt
because it is realized
that none of them are at all interesting
so director christian viel just lets loose his monster
to run rampant causing carnage ,
obliterating an entire cast almost in one fail swoop within ten minute .
oh 
and richard grieco has a minor opening cameo as a victim
who strayed off the path to tent camp with his chick .
