the broadway musical 
`` a chorus line '' is arguably the best musical in theatre .
it is about the experience of person
who live for dance ;
the joys they experience ,
and the sacrifice they make .
each dancer is auditioning for part in a broadway chorus line ,
yet what comes out of each of them are story of how their life led them find dance as a respite .
the film version 
though 
captures none of the passion or beauty of the stage show ,
and is arguably the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical ,
as it is lifeless and devoid of any affection for dance 
whatsoever .
the biggest mistake was made in giving the director 's job to sir richard attenborough ,
whose direction offered just the right touch and pacing for `` gandhi . ''
why would anyone in his or her right mind ask an epic director to direct a musical
that takes place in a fairly constricted place ?
which ings us to the next problem .
`` a chorus line '' takes place on stage in a theatre with no real set and limited costume change .
it is the least flashy of broadway musical ,
and its simplicity was its glory .
however 
that does not translate well to film ,
and no one really thought that it would .
for that reason 
the movie should have taken us in the life of these dancer ,
and should have left the theatre and audition process .
the singer could have offered their song in other environment
and even have offered flashback to their first ballet 
jazz or tap class .
heck 
they could have danced down broadway in their lively imagination .
yet 
not one shred of imagination went into the making of this film ,
as attenborough 's complete indifference for dance and the show itself is evident in his lackadaisical direction.many scene are downright awkward
as the dancer tell their story to the director
( michael dougla )
whether he wants to hear them or not .
dougla ' character is capricious about choosing to whom he extends a sympathetic ear ,
and to whom he has no patience .
while the filmmaker pretended to be true to the nature of the play ,
some heretical change were made .
the very beautiful `` hello twelve 
hello thirteen 
hello love ''
-- a smashing stage number
which took the dancer back to their adolescence --
was removed
and replaced with the dreadful 
`` surprise 
'' a song so bad
that it was nominated for an oscar .
adding insult to injury ,
`` surprise '' simply retold the same story as `` hello 
love ''
but without the wit or pathos.there is no reason to see this film
unless you want a lesson in what not to do
when transferring a broadway show to film .
if you want to see a film version of this show ,
the next closest thing is bob fosse 's illiant `` all that jazz . ''
while fosse 's daughter is in `` a chorus line 
''
he is the fosse
who should have been involved 
as director .
he would have known what to do with this material ,
which deserved far greater respect than this sad effort .
