spoilersin the word of jean-paul sartre ,
`` hell is other person '' .
in `` the odd couple '' 
jack lemmon and walter matthau demonstrate
just how accurate this can be .
as felix ungar and oscar madison 
lemmon and matthau respectively create two good friend
who decide to live together .
as the two begin to slowly grow more and more frustrated with each other ,
the laugh come thick and fast ,
before felix depart ,
leaving oscar a changed and more cleanly individual.jack lemmon as ungar is absolutely superb as the neurotic ,
cleaning obsessed divorcee coping with life as a single man .
walter matthau in contrast to lemmon 's character is equally as good as the slobbish sport writer
who simply wants to play poker
to earn money for his child benefits.lemmon and matthau
are magnifican not in their selected part 
to some degree dependent upon the beautiful script by neil simon ,
and simultaneously
because they work well as a team .
as two friend
who are inherently different in lifestyle ,
although similar in relationship with ex-wife and child 
these two 
late 
great actor create a partnership
which is practically impossible to recreate .
so great in fact ,
that the world screamed out so much for something similar ,
that two year before matthau 's death and three before lemmon 's ,
the character were reunited in an inferior sequel .
this idea 
whilst
following hollywood 's irritating obsession with sequel ,
might have worked to a certain degree ,
but at the same time 
it could never come close to replicating the genius of this original film.ultimately
it is not really possible to say anything else .
with simon 's amazing script ,
filled with humour and laughter ,
the creator of this film were already onto a hit .
the casting of jack lemmon and walter matthau as felix ungar and oscar madison though 
is the most important part of this film .
`` the odd couple '' ,
with it is traditional soundtrack
( which even gained a tribute in `` the simpson '' ) ,
it is excellent script
and it is genius leading man ,
is a tribute to cinema and a feature for history to remember .
