one can only assume
that robert osborne is contractually obligated to express delight at even the least appealing film in the tcm liary
as this would explain him extolling the 'virtue ' of this `` charming '' film during his introduction
when i saw this on cable tv .
seeing as any old film on imdb receife 'classic ' status from a number of fawning amateur reviewer ,
i thought
there was a dire
need for a more honest review of this film.this is not your father 's 'shop around the corner ' .
for all my quibble with 'you have got mail ' ,
it still outshines this as a remake in just about every way imaginable .
for those
who have seen the original ,
the flaw will only be all the more obvious.from one of the lamest meet cute sequence i can recall seeing
( a sad slapstick attempt at 'humor ' ) ,
this film gets off on the wrong foot
and it never really gets back in step .
this 'musical ' only qualifies as one in the sparsest sense of the term .
there are a sprinkling of instantly forgettable musical number
and then there is judy singing `` i do not care ''
while flailing her arm around as if in a seizure .
the christmas song
she sings in the store
is probably one of her better number here .
miss garland was wonderful in a number of musical film ,
but here she seems horribly miscast .
the role was originally to have been filled by june allyson and judy is definitely unable to fill the shoe of margaret sullavan 's old part .
van johnson also turns in a rather bland performance as a second rate jimmy stewart type .
the lead never achieve the chemistry of stewart/sullavan
or even that of hanks/ryan.this is a film
that knows
( some of )
the note 
but not the music .
it does not really seem to understand
why the original worked and even feels the need
to add another possible love interest for van johnson 's character to complicate thing unnecessarily .
the remake 's substitution for the original 's infidelity subplot is a hackneyed plot device
involving a priceless violin .
it is almost embarrassing to watch and feels
as if it had perhaps been lifted from an episode of three 's company by someone with a delorean and a flux capacitor .
it is really just an excuse for a keaton pratfall .
even the big resolution scene between the romantic lead is mishandled .
after seeing both film ,
you will understand
why they called it 'the lubitsch touch ' and not the 'robert z. leonard touch'.avoid this and rewatch either the original film or one of judy garland 's earlier film
unless you are an iconoclast
who enjoys seeing a once great star falling down to earth .
