ok here is how i do this .
i grade movie on 10 component .
each component will inherently start with 5 point .
it can then lose or gain 5 point for a possible 10 or 0.mood :
action 
romance 
comedy 
drama 
suspense - i give this component 10 point .
it had a perfect balance of all five aspect .
the action was fun and exiting .
the romance was not overdone ,
but still very emotional and moving .
i laughed hard and long throughout the movie
and still i was captivated by the fantastic drama ,
and riveting suspense.plot - i give this component 10 point .
i thought
all the good fairy tale had already been told .
i found my self ,
sitting in the theatre ,
returned to my childhood ,
and in that instant i again believed in unicorn 
wicked witch ,
and falling star
that make dream come true.cinema photography -
i give this component 8 point .
while the movie captured the story very well in the majority of the angle ,
i found my self more than once trying to figure out what happened just off camera.fx - i give this component 10 point .
i love
that they used c.g.i .
sparingly .
the epic scene were believable .
the magical power were frighteningly realistic .
all in all less is more ,
and this had it all !
cast - i give this component 10 point .
no name and seasoned actor alike 
the cast was amazing !
michelle pfeiffer was wonderfully wicked ,
charlie cox made tristan come to life ,
claire dane gave emotion to the star ,
and i will never look
and robert de niro the same again.acting - i give this component 10 point .
even the newbie actor played their roll to perfection .
once again 
i will never look and robert de niro the same again.character development - i give this component 9 point .
this felt a little rushed
and i think
if the movie had been a bit longer
they could have done the character a little better justice.dialogue -
i give this component 10 point .
the dialogue was smart 
witty ,
fun even the mush had good dialogue.score - i give this component 7 point .
i can honestly
remember only one small piece of music from the entire movie .
i am not complaining beyond the fact
that the music could be more memorable.ending - i give this component 9 point .
almost perfect ending !
i feel
that certain aspect of the ending should have been more pronounced ,
while other could have been more subdued ,
but no thread were left untied.total :
93 % buy the dvd ?
hel yes !
see it in the theatre ?
most definitely !
bottom line :
excellent movie for everyone !
epic !
i strongly recommend seeing it in the theatre ,
i know i will be going back for second !
