it is remarkable and quite praiseworthy how writer and director continue to make great movie out of one of the oldest and most ( over )
used story line in cinema !
`` dog bite dog '' is basically not much more than just the simple story of an lone copper obsessively
chasing a illiant criminal ,
only pou-soi cheang distinguishes his film from the rest
by being extremely violent and relentless .
this is unquestionably one of the grittiest and most uncompromising movie i have ever seen 
with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and character
that seem to come walking straight out of hell !
not even the installment in chan-wook park 's trilogy of vengeance
( with the exception of `` oldboy '' 
perhaps )
or any other infamous cat-iii film ever released were as sadistic and utal
as some of the event depicted in `` dog bite dog '' .
pang is a young and ruthless cambodian assassin
who lands in the crowded street of hong kong
to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant .
when the police arrives at the place 
young officer wai sees
how pang hastily flee from the scene of the crime
and follow him .
the first actual confrontation between the two rabid dog result in a gigantic blood bath ,
as pang mercilessly kills several hostage and even wai 's long time friend and colleague .
from then on begin a thrilling and action-packed cat and mouse game between the frustrated cop and the professional killer .
the latter also saves a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father
and stays with her at her shed in the local garbage dump .
what makes this routine action/thriller so fascinating
( apart from the explicit violence )
are the main character ' background !
pang 
the hit-man 
is a cambodian orphan
and has been trained to fight and kill for money ever
since he was a child .
he knows no restriction ,
has no mercy
and barely speaks a word .
wai 
the cop 
became particularly ruthless and unorthodox ever since his role-model father
( also a cop )
lies in a coma after a drug-related incident .
lai does not question suspect and witness ;
he yells at them
and he is prepared to sacrifice everything
in order to stop his and new nemesis .
person with a weak stomach or tangled nerve are advised to stay away from this film ,
because the cruelty and shock featuring in `` dog bite dog '' can easily cause nausea .
it is not the type of violence
where bloodied head and chopped off limb fly through the air ,
but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type where person attempt to crush their opponent mentally as well as physically .
the filming location are effectively dark and eerie
and the extremely sober music makes the already harrowing tone of the movie even more petrifying .
the performance are terrific !
i would not be surprised
if edison chen and sam lee treated each other like enemy on the film set as well ,
because their on screen hatred and disgust feel a little too legitimate .
`` dog bite dog '' is a powerful and unforgettable film ,
highly recommended
if you can stomach it .
if you fear
you can not ,
just wait a few year for the inevitable american remake
which will unquestionably soften the premise a little .
