this is the first of a two part back-story to the conflict between the machine and mankind in the matrix world
and it delivers spectacularly
by combining observation on man 's fear of the unknown
and of being usurped with politic 
extensive religious and historical imagery 
subverting expected portrayal of party involved and an at least partially believable and thus terrifying vision of our near future .
it is not perfect and some plot point
and image are at once obvious and contrived
but it has the desired effect and impact
and tells a visceral and cautionary tale.this first part sets the scene - human society have developed advanced and capable robot 
mostly humanoid 
to serve person doing menial 
unskilled job 
labour 
construction etc .
and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory toward them .
one robot 
however 
rebel and kills his owner ,
stating at his subsequent trial
that he simply did not want to die .
he is destroyed
but when the robot mass ' destruction is ordered to protect humanity many robot rise up in protest ,
with many human sympathiser alongside them.the imagery here is exploitative 
recounting race riot and abuse 
tiananman square 
the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl 's guise getting harried ,
hammered in the head and then shot dead
as it pleads 'i am real ' .
it lays on the ground 
clothe and skin torn and east hanging out .
it is an obvious and obscene image
designed to present human fear toward uncontrolled element and aggression toward group
based on the action of individuals.anyway ,
this first portion is much like a compressed version of the film i robot ,
but it soon develops into a recognisable matrix back-story
as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and congregate in the middle east 
in the cradle of civilisation as the narrator informs us .
there 
the machine regroup and begin to produce new ai and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nation .
we see a commercial for a car
that uses the circular energy hover engine
that the ship the rebel in the movie use
and we see sentinel type robot flying around zero one 
the name of their city .
their good and trade make their economy soar
affecting other economy detrimentally and human government and authority establish a blockade in response .
the machine send ambassador in the form of adam and eve resemblance to a un congress
to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade ,
but they are forcibly removed
and the scene is set for war in the second part.the animation is by studio 4\u00b0c
who work on quite a few of the animatrix
and it is evocative and visually stimulating ,
rendering different scene like imagery montage 
cctv footage and particular scene of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly .
the plot may not be an original concept
and it may draw on simplistic sheep mentality and plot model and resort to provocative material for impact
but after the tantalising mystery
offered by the first film and morpheus ' vague ief info-dump this
is a nice exposition of the cataclysmic event
that left the world ravaged and in the hand of the machine
that serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many observation
and comment on the human condition 
the development of ai and the importance of harmony and co-operation and the devastating consequence of conflict and prejudice 
theme expanded on in the movie .
