joan crawford had just begun her `` working girl makes good '' phase with the dynamic `` paid ''
( 1930 ) .
she had never attempted a role like that before and critic were impressed .
so while other actress were wondering
why their career were foundering
( because they were clinging to character
that had been the `` in '' thing a few year
before but were now becoming passe )
joan was listening to the public and securing her longevity as an actress .
the depression was here and jazz age baby
who survived on an endless round of party
were frowned upon .
of course ,
if you became rich through immoral mean
but suffered for it -
that was alright.this film starts out with a spectacular house boat party .
bonnie jordan
( joan crawford )
is the most popular girl there -
especially when she suggests
that everyone go swimming in their underwear ! ! !
however 
when bonnie 's father has a heart attack ,
because of losis on the stock market 
both bonnie and her other 
rodney
( william bakewell )
realise
who their real friend
are .
after bob townsend
( lester vail - a poor man 's johnny mack brown )
offers to do the `` right thing ''
and marry her -
they had just spent a night together
when bonnie declared
( with abandon )
that she wants love on approval -
she starts to show some character
by deciding to get a job.she finds a job at a newspaper and quickly impress by her will to do well .
her working buddy is bert scranton
( cliff edward )
and together they are given an assignment
to write about the inside activity of the mob .
rodney also surprises her with the news
that he also has a job .
she is thrilled for him
but soon realise it is bootlegging
and he is mixed up with cold blooded killer 
jake luva
( clark gable ) .
rodney witnesses a mass shooting
and goes to piece ,
`` spilling the bean '' to the first person
he sees drinking at the bar -
which happens to be bert .
he is then forced to kill bert and after- ward
he goes into hiding .
the paper pulls out all stop in an effort
to find bert 's killer
and sends bonnie undercover as a dancer in one of jake 's club .
( joan does a very lively dance to `` accordian joe ''
- much to sylvie 's disgust ) .
the film ends with a gun battle
and as rodney lies dying ,
bonnie tearfully phone in her story.this is a super film with crawford and gable
giving it their all .
natalie moorehead ,
who as sylvie shared a famous `` cigarette scene '' with gable early in the film ,
was a stylish `` other woman ''
who had her vogue in the early thirty .
william bakewell had a huge career
( he had started as a teenager in a douglas fairbank film in the mid 20s ) .
a lot of his role though were weak 
spineless character .
in this film he played the weak other
and was completely over-shadowed by joan crawford and the dynamic newcomer clark gable -
maybe
that was why
he never became a star.highly recommended .
