pierce brosnan has sipped his last martini and return 
in an outrageous self-parody 
as the aging foul-mouthed boozy assassin julian noble ,
who has a particular fondness for teenage girl 
bullfight and tacky clothe .
during a job in mexico city he meets danny
( greg kinnear ) ,
a straight-faced denver suburban business-man ,
who 's in town
to make his deal of-a-life-time ,
in a hotel bar .
despite their completely different personality and julian 's crude and insensible remark ,
they become friend .
largely carried by the performance of pierce brosnan and greg kinnear ,
director richard shepard revealed
that he did not write the film with pierce brosnan in mind ,
but i can hardly imagine this without him .
he proves to have a real talent for comedy
and can be more than just jame bond or cold-war spy .
the scene
in which the two meet at a glossy hotel bar
( stunning set and beautifully photographed )
really is a avura piece of acting skill .
the scene lasts almost fifteen minute ,
and
although it was probably carefully scripted ,
the two actor are largely improvising ,
but they succeed wonderfully !
it almost feel like a new standard in screen acting .
think of robert de niro and harvey keitel in mean steet improvising
and add one of the most subtle underpinning of many genre clich\u00e9 and the actor ' own typecasting
( brosnan 's jame bond in particular ) ,
and you got one of the most delightful pairing in recent hollywood .
sadly 
the story wear thin after a while .
after an hour 
the film just runs out of steam .
nevertheless 
and i can not put my finger on it exactly ,
i did enjoy this very much .
it just feel very fresh and original 
with some imaginative use of set and lighting 
and some hint to seijun suzuki and jean-pierre melville .
the other character are not given much to do ,
but this film does offer something new ,
in that respect it almost effortlessly succeeds in blending all conventional genre into quite an entertaining spoof .
very amusing.camera obscura
-- -
7/10
