i have been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time .
`` mystery man '' takes its place among the classic comic-strip spoofs on tv like `` batman '' and `` captain nice '' and cartoon like `` underdog '' and `` super chicken . ''
the same spirit life in all of them :
the comic tongue-in-cheek tone ;
the courage
to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of looking ridiculous ;
the not-so-sure-footed way
that these character manage to prevail over their adversary .
it is the misfired spark of nobility igniting in the weak and the ordinary ,
and it is wonderful to see it glow so high and ight here .
`` mystery man '' opens on a party at a nursing home .
i wish
kinka usher had had the sense
to give more energy and life to the old person in the scene .
as it is ,
it looks like something
george romero might have devised .
we need to get the feeling
that these old person are as sharp
as everyone else ,
or it feels patronizing .
by the time the red eye crash the festivity 
you half expect tom wait
who plays a weapon inventor with a penchant for lady in their eighty
to stand up and shout :
`` just what this party need
-- a little excitemant ! ''
if writer neil cuthbert had any sense ,
he would have had wait mixing it up with the intruder and egging on the partier
to do the same .
it would have made for a rousing beginning 
and a better introduction of the troublesome trio :
the shoveler
( william macy ) ;
the blue raja
( hank azarium ) ;
and mr. furious
( ben stiller ) ,
who seem to come out of nowhere
to save the day .
there are many other problem to `` mystery man '' than i care to go into ;
among them
that the villain casanova frankenstein need to have as cultivated a sense of the absurd as the rest of the person in this movie ,
and he does not .
geoffrey rush is the wrong actor for the part ;
he need to be way over the top
to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic one .
and rush has never exhibited a talent for the outre .
you hope for the ripe theatric of a john lithgow in `` the adventure of buckaroo banzai '' or the dry 
debonair diffidence of a paul freeman in `` raider of the lost ark . ''
instead what we get is pastiche ;
something half-baked and not fully realized.there are too many idea
running through `` mystery man '' for anyone to tie them neatly together ,
and that may be its deepest problem .
but whatever kind of a mess it is is the kind of mess i love .
ben stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the role
he takes .
this one is no exception ,
but he goes at it with such conviction
that you come away feeling
that he had learned something about comedy growing up in a household run by jerry stiller and anne meara .
his roy is related to all the put-upon 
overly sensitive 
chronically defensive type
that woody allen made popular .
and whether it is wheedling his way into the affection of the waitress at his favorite hangout
( the sleek claire forslani ) ,
or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero
( wes studi as the sphinx ) ,
or giving a new member of their `` elite '' group
( jeaneane garofalo in what are possibly her funniest momants on screen )
a hard time ,
he makes
it always fun to watch .
i could not exactly say
that about him in `` there is something about mary .
`` jeaneane garofalo proves with this performance
that she should have been the star of `` one true thing 
'' not renee zellweger .
i do not think
i have ever seen funnier exchange between a daughter and father
( okay ,
so he is dead
and his skull is in a bowling ball ,
so sue me )
in the movie .
and the funny part about this role is that it feels like a screwball reprise of emily watson 's spellbinding talk with god in `` breaking the wave . ''
and in this version 
the girl does not die ,
and bell do not ring in your head.william h. macy does something very difficult ;
he makes stolid magnetic .
you understand right away what is attracted jenifer lewis ' lucille to eddie .
you can also understand her exasperation .
the barbecue alone would be enough to drive me over the edge ,
but when eddie 's adorable 
half-eed son looks up at his father
and says
`` i believe in you 
daddy . ''
to which lucille sigh and exclaim 
`` roland 
do not encourage your father 
''
you feel like standing and hailing neil cuthbert as a first-rate wit .
with hank azarium
( whose only momant of note in film up to this point
was his bare behind in `` the birdcage '' )
and louise lasser
( has it been more than two decade since we first took note of her in `` banana '' and `` mary hartman 
mary hartman ? '' )
as son and mother
who share a fondness for silverware ;
greg kinnear as captain amazing and ricky jay as his publicist ; kel mitchell as `` invisible boy '' ; paul reubens as `` the spleen ; ''
and lena olin who ,
if she did not have the few line in this movie
that she has ,
would seem to be visiting the set .
