`` kolchak :
the night stalker '' is a hugely entertaining tv series
in which a pushy 
sarcastic 
forty-something reporter is repeatedly drawn into mortal combat with supernatural
( and occasionally extraterrestrial )
force .
based on a very popular pair of tv movie
featuring the kolchak character ,
this series died a quick death in the mid-1970 due to low rating ,
but it nevertheless maintains a strong cult
following today .
but will the average modern-day viewer be able to dig kolchak and his weekly clash with the undead ?
that is actually a tough question to answer fairly .
detractor of this series tend to argue
that it is formulaic and hopelessly dated .
on the other hand 
fan argue
that it is cleverly written 
well-acted 
and sometimes genuinely spooky .
and me ?
i have got a foot in both camp .
i thoroughly enjoyed watching all 20 episode of kolchak on dvd recently ,
though i can plainly see
that the series has major flaws.i will address the question of kolchak
being `` formula '' fiction first .
now 
i think
we can all agree
that most tv show have formulas - just about every episode of columbo unfold according to the same pattern 
for example .
repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself ;
in fact 
critic have long recognized
that audience often enjoy ,
and actively seek out 
repetitive entertainment .
however 
the problem with kolchak is that its formula is simply too rigid -
it is too repetitive even by the most generous standards.in almost every episode 
kolchak investigates a murder 
and figures out
that it was committed by some form of monster .
he tries to publish a story about said monster ,
but his editor vincenzo blocks him 
always on the ground
that kolchak does not have sufficient evidence
to support his claim
that supernatural force are at work .
and 
ala 
kolchak is also obstructed by the police .
so 
in the end 
kolchak does some independent research on the monster ,
figures out how to kill it ...
and then kills it .
without ceremony 
or reward ,
or writing a big story about it.you can see
where this ever-so-strict formula might get tiresome 
right ?
i am particularly mystified by vincenzo -
if kolchak 's always raving about monster ,
and vincenzo never believes
it ... well 
then ,
why does not vincenzo fire kolchak ,
or have him committed ?
that is what any normal boss would do .
but the series eschew such realism and prefer to keep vincenzo and kolchak as comical antagonist .
as a result 
many of their scene together are profoundly unbelievable -
though they are also quite funny.the very best episode of kolchak manage to vault over the limitation of this formula 
however ,
usually because they contain some kind of unexpected twist .
these select episode are good enough
that i think
they are largely immune to typical criticism of the series .
some of my favorite include :
horror in the height - an episode
that is noteworthy for being grimy 
inventive and socially aware .
kolchak 's dialog has an unusually sharp and cynical edge .
though it adheres closely to the kolchak formula 
the script
( written by hammer studio veteran jimmy sangster )
is remarkably literate ,
and it delves deeply into the monster 's backstory.the devil 's platform - a possible inspiration for the `` oman '' film ,
this episode stands out to me
because the villain - a very young tom skerritt - tempt kolchak with a satanic contract full of goody
( and 
in so doing 
reveals a lot about the reporter 's character . )
firefall - this episode appears to have a bad reputation among fan ,
but i enjoyed it
because it is got a great red herring and a really creepy ,
almost unstoppable-seeming monster.though i have singled out these three episode for praise ,
i would say
that most of the story are entertaining at the very least .
for my money 
there are only two complete turkey in the 20-episode run :
primal scream ,
which is about monkey-man running rampant in chicago ,
and the sentry ,
which features the dumbest-looking creature makeup in the history of filmed entertainment
( and this assessment is coming from a lifelong doctor who and godzilla fan ! )
on balance 
then 
this is a good series .
a little repetitive 
a little cheesy perhaps 
but it has element of greatness .
even during the weaker episode 
darren mcgavin 's wonderful performance as the caustic 
world-weary 
endlessly funny kolchak truly shine .
he carries the series effortlessly 
in a way that 
for example 
sarah michelle gellar never managed on `` buffy . ''
mcgavin was one great character actor ,
and this series is worth watching for him alone .
