trick or treat is a fine example of hollywood
jumping on the `` backward message in metal music '' bandwagon
that tipper gore and her washington wives kick-started in the mid-'80
( other 
less successful entry in this mini-genre include the awful black rose and silly the gate ) .
i was a sophomore in high school
when trick or treat came out
and could not wait to see it .
it seemed to disappear from video store by the end of the '80 ,
but i finally picked up a budget-priced dvd copy a short while ago
and it ought back many pleasant metal memory from back in the day .
any teenage metal nerd could relate to the trial of eddie `` ragman '' weinbauer
( marc price of `` family ty '' )
in this film
as he is persecuted by the preppie `` beautiful '' person in his high school for his heavy metal fashion and musical taste .
eddie 's favorite rock star is sammi curr
( who looks a lot like tommy lee of motley crue ) ,
who is killed in a hotel fire early in the movie .
eddie is inconsolable
till he receives a test pressing of sammi 's final ,
unreleased album from a radio dj
( gene simmon of kiss in a ief cameo ) .
eddie soon discover
that this lp ,
when played backward ,
allows him to communicate with the undead spirit of sammi curr himself !
soon sammi is giving eddie advice on how to get even with his preppie torturer
but when the message escalate in scariness
( `` waste'em all ... no false metal ! '' )
eddie try to destroy the album ,
which result in sammi coming back to life via eddie 's stereo speaker .
sammi rampage to the big dance at eddie 's high school
and takes the stage
to rock the crowd and disintegrate a few unlucky `` false metaller ''
before eddie arrife to save the day and the girl of his dream .
( sigh )
no 
it is not terribly scary in 2006 ,
it was not even scary in 1986 ,
but trick or treat is a movie
that will ing a smile to the face of any 1980s metaller
and has a kick-ass soundtrack courtesy of the cult band fastway .
well worth
seeking out
if you have ever banged your head or have a taste for b-grade horror movie
( or both 
like me ) .
