i just saw adam had four son for the first time and the thing
that struck me was that i believe
that the model used was theodore roosevelt and his four son .
they were approximately the same age as the four boy in this film .
warner baxter in his portrayal of adam stoddard talked about the same value and family tradition
that you would have heard from our 26th president
without some of the more boisterous aspect of tr 's character .
like tr all of the stoddard son serve in world war i 
in this case
though the youngest only loses an eye instead of being killed .
but what if a female minx gets into this all male household and disrupt thing ?
that is susan hayward 's job here .
in one of her earliest prominent role 
hayward is a flirtatious amoral girl
who marries one son ,
has an affair with another ,
and starts making a play for the third .
it is an early forerunner of the kind of a part
that later ought her an oscar in i want to live.i suppose
that with as powerful a model of decorum as theodore roosevelt was and warner baxter portray ,
everyone is afraid to tell father what is going on .
the son and also their governess ingrid bergman .
here is where the plot gets a little silly .
bergman is introduced to us as a governess hired by baxter and wife fay wray for their kid .
wray dy and baxter suffer some financial reversal in business .
bergman has to be let go .
she goes back to france and year later comes back to the family
when the kid are grown up .
i am sorry ,
but i can not believe
the kid need a governess now .
hayward is quite right
when she confronts her that it was not the kid
who ought her back .
in the normal course of thing 
bergman would have gotten on with her life .
one of the previous reviewer said
that a quarter to a third of the film i have was edited out .
possibly that could be the reason for the many plot hole
we have.it is too bad
that ingrid and susan could not have done another film together in the fifty
when hayward was at her height
and bergman had just made a comeback.susan hayward is the main reason
to see adam had four son .
and i am willing to believe
that a good deal of ingrid was left on the cutting room floor .
