in rosenstrasse 
margarethe von trotta blend two story
to create a viant tapestry of love and courage .
the film depicts a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter 
and the story of german woman
who staged a protest on rosenstrasse
to free their jewish husband from certain extermination .
in addition to the dramatization of historical event 
the focus of the film is on the saving of a child from the holocaust by a german and the result of the child 's experience
of losing her mother .
while ms. von trotta shows
that the courage of a small number of german made a difference ,
she does not use it
to excuse german society .
indeed ,
she shows how in the midst of torture and extermination ,
the wealthy artist and intellectual of german high society went on about their life and party 
oblivious to the suffering.rosenstrasse opens in new york as a jewish widow ruth weinstein
( jutta lampe )
decides to sit shiva 
a seven-day period of mourning
that takes place following a funeral
in which jewish family member devote full attention to remembering and mourning the deceased .
when her daughter hannah
( maria schrader ) ,
is forbidden to receive phone call from her fianc\u00e9 luis
( fedja van huet ) ,
a non-jew 
hannah question
why her mother has suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition
that she previously rejected .
when ruth coldly rejects her cousin 
hannah question her and learns about a woman
named lena
who took ruth in as a child
when the latter 's mother was deported and murdered by the nazis ,
and she vows to find lena
and discover the secret of her mother 's past.her quest takes her to berlin
where she find lena
( doris schade ) ,
now ninety year old 
and interviews her on the pretext
that she is a journalist researching certain aspect of the holocaust .
with unfailing memory 
lena tells her story of how 
as a young 33-year old woman
( katja reimann ) ,
she searched for her husband 
jewish pianist fabian israel fischer
( martin feifel ) ,
who disappeared
and was presumed to have been imprisoned
despite the protection normally given jew in mixed marriage .
lena 
in a radiant performance by reimann 
discover
that her husband and other jew are being held prisoner in a former factory on the rosenstrasse.standing together in the freezing night 
german woman
whose husband are missing congregate outside the building ,
their number growing daily
until they reach one thousand
shouting
`` give us back our husband '' .
lena find ruth
( svea lohde ) ,
a young girl
whose mother
is in the building .
she takes care of her ,
protecting her from the gestapo
and raising her after her mother is killed .
lena comes from an aristocratic german family and her other ,
recently returned from stalingrad ,
is a wehrmacht officer .
after being refused help from her father to free fabian
she enlists the aid of her other
who tells a fellow officer ,
`` i know
what they do to the jew .
i saw it '' .
given his support ,
she is bold enough to bypass channel and go to the top where her beauty and charm prove irresistible for the minister of culture 
joseph goebbel 
a known womanizer .
while this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to the woman protester ,
it is a historical fact
that goebbel was very active
in making the decision
affecting rosenstrasse.the director margarethe von trotta 
an activist 
feminist 
and intellectual 
is no stranger to political drama .
she directed a film about socialist rosa luxembourg and marianne and julianne 
a story of the relationship between two sister 
one of whom resort to political violence
to accomplish her liberal objective .
in rosenstrasse 
a film
she worked on for eight year ,
she had to make compromise ,
adding the present day fictional element in order to have her film produced .
that it works so well
is a tribute to ms. von trotta 's artistry and the beautiful screenplay by pamela katz
whose father was a refugee from leipzig .
the event at rosenstrasse give the lie to german ,
who say ,
`` there was nothing
we could do '' .
now von trotta has shown the opposite to be true ,
that something could be done
to resist the nazis .
it is tragic that the example did not catch on .
