the lady from shanghai is weird even by the standard of its eminent director 
orson welle ,
whose last hollywood film this was for many a moon .
it is a kind of post-modern film noir
made during the period
when more conventional film of this type were quite popular ,
and it concerns a happy go lucky irish sailor
( played by welle )
who falls in with a mysterious lady
( rita hayworth ,
who was married to welle at the time ) ,
and her crippled 
and probably impotent husband 
played with a ainy 
malevolent gusto by everett sloan .
a long sea voyage follows 
with welle in tow as bodyguard 
and the plot thickens
when sloan 's law partner
( glenn ander )
turns up
and starts making trouble
by giving odd speech about suicide and other morbid topic
that suggest
that the man is on the verge of mental eakdown .
a murder plot ensue 
and all sort of calamity follow for welle and his employer 
and at this point the story 
fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace thus far ,
goes off the deep end ,
and the last part of the film consists of illiant directorial set-piece
that seem to have been thrown in
to give the movie some of the drive
and urgency its story does not ,
by itself 
possess ,
and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all time incomprehensible mess.it is hard to know what welle was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in hollywood
by making a vehicle for his wife .
but self-destruction intervene ,
as it often does with welle ,
and miss hayworth has never looked less fetching .
that she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar ,
as aside from her beauty her most appealing trait
as a screen personality was lovableness 
a quality
she does not possess in this picture .
the director himself is strangely unappealing and hammy at o'hara 
the
( presumably )
easygoing sailor 
since welle 
for all his many gift 
was not known as an easy man
to work with .
this is a role
that twenty or thirty year later sean connery or robert shaw might have been able to eath life into .
welle does not .
the most interesting performance in the movie is glenn ander ' as grisby 
sloan 's loony 
treacherous law partner .
ander works wonder with the part ,
and is photographed to look bizarre ,
while his scene end on odd 
sour note ,
and are often choppily edited ;
but for all this he manages to make grisby 's derangement palpable and disturbing ,
and anticipate 
in a genteel way 
the more flamboyant method actor of the fifty 
such as timothy carey.there is a question
that nags me about this film :
what was welle trying to say ?
he was a highly talented and intelligent man ,
and tended to make statement in his movie ,
which ,
whether one agrees with his world view or not ,
were illiantly put forth .
i think
i have an answer 
or a partial one :
welle was summing up his movie career .
he had reached the end of his rope in the hollywood studio system he despised ,
and he knew it .
the lady from shanghai is not exactly a nose-thumbing at the studio moguls of the day ,
but i suspect
that it is 
in its portrait of amoral 
rival big shot lawyer
( read :
producer )
expressing welle ' opinion of the power oker of hollywood .
that he presented himself
as a rootless sailor is telling .
welle himself was certainly an inveterate traveler ,
and he rarely lived in one place for long .
he was hired by a studio
to provide it with a big 
prestigious film
( citizen kane ) ,
which caused a firestorm of controversy from which he never fully recovered .
this may be the issue
that dares not speak its name in this film ,
which is to say welle ' personal failure
in not getting over the shock of his newness in the movie colony ,
and his inability to deliver the good ,
as promised .
the mere fact of him turning up in hollywood ,
like his mere presence in the film 
could not forestall disaster well beyond his control .
that he presented himself in the movie as an amiable ,
naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge on welle ' part .
he was much more of an inside player
than he let on ,
and i imagine
that he despised his knowledge of the worldlier aspect of life ,
and himself for knowing so much .
