neatly sandwiched between the stranger 
a small film noir picture
that proved welle
can do a formidable genre work on budget and on time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the forty 
and macbeth 
a no-budget shakespeare adaptation
shot in old western shet in 23 day ,
comes the lady from shangai 
a dark film noir woven from the very same faic of welleian mythos
that covers the magnificent amberson 
mr. arkadin and any other film the director did not manage to save from the clutch of studio bosses.six year after the maltese falcon 
with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing 
welle 
always ahead of his time 
a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity 
envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadow
that is already darker 
more sinister 
paranoid and serpentine
than anything his contemporary were doing at the time .
it is no wonder the movie was so misunderstood at its time 
to the point
that one full hour of footage was forever left in the cutting room floor ,
and it was once again europe
that championed it as another welle classic.certain set-piece stand out .
the aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadow ,
and of course the funhouse/hall of mirror finale
that is as classic a piece of welleian avura as any in citizen kane or the trial .
the only fault i find with the movie is welle ' ill-advised irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing in the first act .
the story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner ,
which the cut only serve to intensify .
i believe
the heavily chopped version of shangai and amberson attain a surreal quality for that matter.welle would exile himself in europe for ten year
and return in 1958 to deliver yet another stonewall classic 
the monumental touch of evil 
perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir
that was already in its waning day by that time .
shangai was not the box office success a star vehicle for hollywood 's premiere star of the time 
rita hayworth 
ought to have been ,
and welle marriage with hayworth ended
before the movie was even released .
sixty year later and one hour of footage less 
shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover .
surely that must count for something .
