hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unnerving study of life in a particularly dreary suburb of vienna .
it comes from former documentary director ulrich seidl
who adopts a very documentary-like approach to the material .
however 
the film veer away from normal type and present us with character
that are best described as `` extreme '' \u0096 some are extremely lonely ;
some extremely violent ; some extremely weird ; some extremely devious ; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood ;
and so on .
the film combine several near plot less episode
which intertwine from time to time ,
each following the character over a couple of day during a sweltering viennese summer .
very few viewer will come away from the film feeling
entertained \u0096 the intention is to point up the many thing
that are wrong with person 
the many ill
that plague our society in general .
it is a thought-provoking film
and its conclusion are pretty damning on the whole.a fussy old widower fantasises about his elderly cleaning lady
and wants her to perform a striptease for him
while wearing his deceased wife 's clothe .
a nightclub dancer contends with the perpetually jealous and violent behaviour of her boy-racer boyfriend .
a couple grieving over their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek solace
by having sex with other person .
an abusive man mistreats his woman
but she forgives him time and again .
a security salesman desperately tries to find the culprit behind some vandalism on a work site
but ends up picking on an innocent scapegoat .
and a mentally ill woman keeps hitching ride with stranger and insulting them
until they throw her out of the car !
the life of these disparate character converge over several day during an intense summer heat wave.the despair in the film is palpable .
many scene are characterised by long 
awkward silences
that are twice as effective
as a whole passage of dialogue
might be .
then there are other scene
during which the dialogue and on-screen event leave you reeling .
in particular 
a scene
during which the security salesman leaves the female hitch-hiker to the mercy of a vengeful guy -
to be beaten 
raped and humiliated
( thankfully all off-screen )
for some vandalism
she did not even do -
arouses a sour 
almost angry taste .
in another scene a man has a lit candle
wedged in his rear-end
and is forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint 
all as part of his punishment
for being nasty to his wife .
while we might want to cheer
that this thug is receiving his come-uppance ,
we are simultaneously left appalled and unnerved by the nature of his punishment .
indeed 
such stark contrast could act as a summary of the whole film -
every moment of light-heartedness is counter-balanced with a moment of coldness .
every shred of hope is countered with a sense of despair .
for every character you could like or feel sympathy for ,
there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hate .
we might want to turn away from hundstage ,
to dismiss it as an exercise in misery ,
but it also points up some uncomfortable truth
and for that it should be applauded .
