slaughter high start like any other day at doddsville county high school
where little minx carol manning
( caroline munro )
has tricked resident nerd marty rantzen
( simon scuddamore )
into the girl locker room
where she tells him to get undressed in the shower ,
while doing so carol 's gang of friend come
in and give the now naked marty a big surprise
as they film him
as they stick his head down the girl toilet in an april fool 's day joke .
the school 's sport coach
( marc smith )
saves marty and punishes the gang
who rather harshly blame marty ,
they decide to play another trick on him only this time thing get out of hand
and marty is caught in an explosion
and has nitric acid splashed over his face .
year later and the whole gang are invited to a class reunion at the now closed down school ,
they all arrive to discover
they are the only one there .
they all venture inside
where they quickly learn
they are not the only one there
as marty is back
and has revenge on his mind ...
originally shot under the title april fool 's day
which they changed probably because of another slasher film
named april fool 's day
( 1986 ) made the same year this american english co-production is unusual in that it has three credited writer and director 
george dugdale 
mark ezra and peter litten
( after never seeing a film with three credited director 's i have now seen two in a week the other
being the jean-claude van damme flick kickboxer
( 1989 ) )
and i have to say
i really rather liked slaughter high
even though it seems to have a pretty bad reputation .
one of the thing i like about the script is that it is a pure unashamed slasher flick ,
it does not try to be anything else
and it just accepts the genre rule 
short coming and trapping
and plays up to them .
basically it delivers what it promises 
a homicidal killer 
blood 
boobs and babes .
i thought
the character 's were alright ,
the story was ok
even though it is just an excuse
to get a load of teen inside an isolated location
so some killer can bump them off one at a time
and i actually liked the twist ending as well
which is also something
for which slaughter high gets a lot of flak for .
the first half start off a little slow
but the second half move along at a rate of knot
as there is one gory killing after another .
some of the situation and character reaction make little sense
but the same can be said
of just about any film ever made so
who 's complaining ?
despite three credited director 's slaughter high turned out pretty good 
i liked the look of the film a lot .
the isolated rundown school made for a really atmospheric location
and looked good ,
the maker throw in a good thunderstorm as well
and there is some nice photography especially at the end
where there are numerous impressive uninterrupted
long lasting stedicam tracking shot
which follow carol through various corridor of the rundown school .
while not particularly stylish
it certainly looks nice enough
and is professionally made .
there is some good gore here
including burnt body ,
person melted with acid 
impaling 
stomach explosion 
axe in faces and death by lawnmower as well as someone
who gets drowned in fecal matter down a drain !
the special effect are also better
than one would expect
and i was both impressed
and pleased with the higher than expected body count.technically the film is better
than i had expected and beats most low budget horror crap
that gets released today ,
i would have thought
it was relatively low budget itself though .
supposedly set in america this was very obviously shot in england .
harry manfredini composes another score
which sounds exactly like all of his other musical score
and is basically the same as the theme from friday the 13th
( 1980 )
and it is sequel .
anyone
living here in the uk
will probably recognise billy hartman
who played frank as a regular in emmerdale farm
( one of our nation top rated soap opera )
in which he plays terry wood !
while most horror fan will recognise the sexy caroline munro in a rare staring role .
legendary exploitation producer dick randall did the deed on slaughter high
and actually appears in the film as a porno movie producer ... talk about typecasting !
you can also see a poster for the misunderstood illiance
that was piece
( 1982 )
which he also produced behind him in his office.slaughter high is a slasher film
that i liked a lot ,
did you see that ?
i did not say
it was great i actually said
i liked it on a personal level and i am
sure the predictable plot and lack of story will probably put many off
so i can not recommend it
but i can say i liked it ,
make of that what you want .
make sure you you watch the uncut version
if you ever decide you want to check it out .
if your not a fan of the slasher flick genre then slaughter high will not change your mind
but if your looking for a simple and effective slasher
then you could do a lot worse than this .
