i live in ottawa where this film was made and i really wish
it had not been .
this is one god-awful flick .
i really try and support independent film
but there is this stigma attached to anything indie
and that stigma is :
indie film blow .
well 
this film does nothing to shed this curse .
the actor 
writer 
director brett kelly does little to contribute to the genre ,
rather he re-hashes tired clich\u00e9s from movie past .
i am really tired of menacing evil
looking character
that lurk in the shadow and prey on the unsuspecting 
it is way too overdone .
i can remember one scene in particular right near the end of the flick
where the whole scene is lit with car headlight .
now some may say
that this was an effect used
to create mood and tension ,
but sadly it was to showcase the shoestring budget of this movie .
as well for a movie
that dares to call itself horror ,
a viewer will find themselves hard pressed to find any actual gore 
other than a few scene with corn syrup and red food colouring .
the biggest thing
that drags this film down is the pacing and the lack of character development ,
the basic plot is that child are being kidnapped
and the parent must track down this bonesetter fellow before a certain time
in order to get their kid back .
not that this concept bugs me 
but 
i did not really find it believable
that when the two main character ,
both who have lost child can find time
to make out with each other .
this is done in such a short time span
that it is inconceivable ,
my first priority would be to get my daughter back
and at least get to know the lady
before making out with her .
the last point
that i have is ... .
and i will not hold this against kelly ,
but the movie is shot entirely on boring 
emotionless video
and that really takes away from any tense moment
that would have just oozed style on film .
although if this movie were given a million dollar makeover and redone the story and boring acting and lame everything could not keep this movie afloat .
my only hope is that something happens
to prevent brett kelly from making a sequel ,
which has been reported on his website 
a sequel
that was half written in one sitting .
lord help us all .
