generically speaking ,
fay grim is a highly entertaining thriller
featuring two of the most inexorably enjoyable name in american movie 
unshakably beautiful and gracefully spunky parker posey and endlessly charismatic and unavoidably hilarious jeff goldblum .
they have many scene in the first half of the film
in which we see these two insatiable presence volleying off of each other 
even radiating with charm
when goldblum rolls off hartley 's shamelessly epic info-dump .
nevertheless ,
if one were to deconstruct fay grim ,
one would see many instance
in which countless scene could have been squeezed for much more benefit
than they have resulted in being.this sort of filmed in-joke is the sequel to hal hartley 's henry fool ,
which was made ten year earlier .
it has title character posey forced by cia agent goldblum
to track down the notebook
that were the precious possession of her missing fugitive husband 
the predecessor 's titular anti-hero .
available within them is information
that could concede the safety of the united state .
fay first makes for paris to get a hold of them
but becomes engulfed in a bona fide celeation of espionage clich\u00e9s
featuring everything from car bomb to ambiguous helper
to following the girl to double-cross to triple-crosses.the primary appeal
of it all for me is that it is such a novel approach to the sequel of a movie about a garbageman and a struggling novelist in a small town .
in the original henry fool 
posey played a simple woman
leading a very simple life .
hartley 's talent do not reach the height of many of the other independent newby from the 1990s ,
but i do admire his wild creativity
in making an inadvertent nearne sister out of her ,
giving her a terrific predicament ,
as he did to her character 's other ,
played by jame urbaniak 
in henry fool ,
as she is trapped between whether or not she may still love her overwhelming refugee husband and the problematic but forceful plan of goldblum.hartley 
however 
is simply riding on that fragmentary idea .
his plot 
though complex and labyrinthine 
true to the form of the spy film ,
it seems as if to be entirely capricious .
the reason i was not bored was mostly due to the pace
at which the story unfold ,
not to mention the presence of posey and goldblum .
the problem with the remainder of hartley 's cast is that i can not seem to become fond of the rest of them .
it has nothing to do with how obscure
they are compared to the relative star power of the two said charm master ,
but with how they do not seem to hold their own alongside them ,
though saffron burrows certainly comes close .
most of the scene
not involving posey or goldblum
are far too light on their foot ,
stringing us along with info-dump we have no choice
but to listen to or else be totally lost in the ensuing sequence of scene .
they are shot almost entirely in tiled angle ,
as if hartley is compensating for that implacable feeling of a lack of material.liam aiken 
however ,
playing the now teenage son of fay and henry ,
has a certain allure about him 
seeming wise beyond his year 
certainly much wiser than any of the adult character .
perhaps hartley intended that ,
or maybe it is simply aiken 's presence .
the problem with a hartley film is
that you never quite know
what was intended and what just happens to be there .
as scorsese said ,
`` cinema is a matter
of what is in the frame
and what is out . ''
one has to be able to trust
that what we see is a conscious decision by the filmmaker to remain in the finished film .
