paul verhoeven has one of the strangest oeuvre of any major director :
he started off making art-house film in his native netherland
before moving to hollywood
where he began making subversive genre piece
which are often seen as mere entertainment by the mainstream crowd .
1983 's the fourth man was the last film
he made
before moving to the u.s.
and it seems to have been a transitional film for him.from the beginning of the fourth man
it is clear that the film will be seen from the perspective of the famous albeit impoverished author gerard .
in a seeming homage to carol reed 's similarly titled 1949 film the third man
the film begins with an author making a trip
to speak to a crowd of literature enthusiast .
the similarity end there 
however ,
as gerard runs into no major complication
before arriving at the auditorium and the speech itself goes fairly smoothly .
in spite of the relative ease
with which he completes this function
we know
that the author is somewhat troubled
as he has realistic fantasy about murdering his roommate
before leaving his house
and he also has a surreal fantasy
involving a hotel
he sees advertised and a detached eyeball growing out of a door 's peephole .
that he sometimes has trouble
keeping his fantasy separate from reality is made all the more clear
when an anecdote he tells is exposed as untrue
and he admits
that he `` lie { s } the truth until { he } no longer knows
whether something did or did not happen . ''
the fourth man is full of surreal fantasy and dream
which are made all the more disturbing
because it is very easy to see how they relate to event
which we have seen occur
and because they sometimes foreshadow event
which have not occurred yet .
between the effectiveness of the unreal sequence and verhoeven 's careful editing style this ends up being the most atmospheric film this side of do
not look now
and like that film this one is full of ambiguity .
unlike that film the fourth man is also perversely funny
as gerard 's deeply held catholic beliefs seep into every aspect of his life
including sexuality .
he naturally associates a female hair stylist
he knows intimately with the biblical delilah
though he fears
she will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors .
in an erotic fantasy sequence
that would make luis bu\u00f1uel blush
he substitutes a man
he is attracted to for a life size statue of christ on the cross.the fourth man
is a horror film
which manages to ing the viewer into the mind of the protagonist
while still maintaining a certain ambiguity :
it certainly seems
as if gerard is in danger
but it may just be more of his `` lying the truth . ''
the film is also full of both subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism
which helps make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience .
