i have to agree with some of the other comment and even go a step further .
nothing about this film worked ,
absolutely nothing .
delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother
in order to earn enough money
to buy a restaurant
but along the way fall for a wise ex-jailbird .
at the same time her friend hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to finally marry her .
she also happens to be sleeping with marlon
who is desperately in love with her .
then there is delmar 's other jethro
who gets involved with a former coke addict 
missy
who reveals
she was sexually abused by her adopted father .
on the sideline we also have the eccentricmother
who has an assortment of equally odd friend 
one of whom dy on the couch at the beginning of the film .
so far so good
but after introducing these character and story line addressing life 
death 
grief and love in the first half ,
the film simply loses direction .
if the writer had only selected one or two character
and allowed us to follow their story maybe
thing would have been fine but equal screen time is given to all with the result
that no one story or character is fully developed .
for instance 
why does delmar think
she will be able to hand over her child in exchange for money ,
especially when the prospective parent are a creepy bigoted lawyer and his semi alcoholic and depressed wife ?
why is hortense so desperate to marry a man
who is a jerk
and clearly does not love her ?
how is it missy manages to kick her coke habit overnight ?
is jethro regularly drawn to woman with overwhelming problem ,
or is missy the exception ?
has delmar and jethro 's mother always been on the eccentric side ,
or is it a more recent development ?
why is jethro so keen on cadillacs
that he has one in the middle of his living room ?
why did mosis spend year in prison for stealing a car 
a relatively minor crime ?
how does delmar manage to end up giving birth to mosis ' baby
when there is no suggestion
that they ever had sex ?
these question are posed in the screenplay
but sadly are never answered .
i can only assume
they were answered in the original novel
and that is why
the writer felt the need
to include it all in the script .
big mistake .
losing several subplot especially the hortense and marlon story ,
which adds nothing to the overall film ,
would have tightened thing considerably and allowed more time
to develop the delmar 
jethro and mosis character
who are clearly more central to the plot and underlying theme than anyone else .
add
to that the most pedestrian directing style
seen outside of the average soap opera
and the result is a huge missed opportunity for all ,
including jorja fox
who does her best to rise above the material .
i am not surprised
that this appears to have been the director 's last film
as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or ability
to tell a moving and intelligent story .
