i have been a fervent hal hartley supporter
since i saw his short `` surviving desire '' in high school ,
and even then was still completely unmoored by his searingly illiant `` henry fool . ''
but this 10-year-later sequel is not only unnecessary ,
it is disgraceful.after a choppy and expeditious start 
`` fay grim '' devolves into pseudo-intellectualism 
flat out boredom ,
and finally unwarranted - and unwanted - nihilism .
and that is just the plot.the majority of the new faces are as frivolous and poorly-developed as the movie :
one particularly flat character
ends up hogging half the time
we spend with the infamous henry fool himself ,
and it is his only spoken scene in the film ! jeff goldblum 's agent fulight ,
it seems ,
is the only ight character
( a pun surely intended by hartley as well ) .
how 
then 
is he left ?
**spoiler** dead via a car bombing ,
easily making this the gentle-natured hartley 's most violent film to date ,
and tonally all wrong in a film
that is already all wrong from the word go.as for the other new character 
angus jame 
ned fool
( or is it grim ?
) ,
not to mention fay herself ... well ,
i will not spoil their fate ,
as the movie does a good enough job
of that all on its own
( when it is not busying itself with yet another godawful can
noted angle ,
which gives the disconcerting impression
that hartley is moving backward from auteur to crappy film student )
.this piece is a complete disaster 
a dreadful mess
that is not even good-humored enough to revel in its messiness .
instead it self-indulgently crams the typically fun hipster pretense of its director into the `` real world '' 
one uglier and meaner
than it need be but not nearly ugly
or mean enough
to come close to having anything to say .
in doing so 
hartley track sh*t all over my memory of these person and the marvelous world
he
originally created for them.i
have rarely been so depressed at the movie ,
and i am counting `` leaving las vegas 
''
which at least developed fresh new character
we grew to love
before destroying them ,
instead of immediately disregarding character already beloved.grim 
indeed .
