this is one of the silliest movie i
have ever had the misfortune to watch !
i should have expected it ,
after seeing the first two ,
but i keep getting suckered into these type of movie with the idea of `` maybe they did it right this time '' .
nope - not even close.where do i begin ?
how about with the special effect ...
to give you an idea of what passes for sfx in this movie ,
at one point a soldier is shooting at a `` raptor ''
as it runs down a hallway .
even with less than a second of screen time ,
the viewer can easily see
that it is just a man with a tail apparently taped to him running around .
bad bad bad bad.how about the acting ?
if that is what you can call it .
there is one character
who 
i suppose 
is supposed to be from the south .
however ,
after living in the south for six year now ,
i have never heard this way of talking .
perhaps he has some sort of weird disability
- the inability
to talk normally .
i find it fascinating
that the character does nothing
that requires him to have that accent -
therefore there was no reason for the actor
to try to do one.how about the plot ?
it is pretty basic - raptor escape ,
person with gun must hunt them down .
i am starting to wonder
why the dinosaurs in these movie always seem to run into the nearest system of tunnel ...
would
not they stay outside to hunt prey ?
oh well 
at least they have the good sense
to appear very very little in the movie
which supposedly revolves around them.other thing - let 's say
you are in a building
and you know
that there are man
eating raptor running around in it .
would you decide to take time out to have an argument
about who is better - army or marine ?
and then decide to have an arm wrestling contest
to settle it ?
how about the idiotic idea
that they have to track down the raptor -
split up into group of two .
did not they ever watch any horror movie
( or at least an episode of scooby doo ) ?
in short 
this is one of the dumber movie out there .
miss it
unless you want to groan your way through a movie .
