lar von trier is never backward in trying out new technique .
some of them are very original
while other are best forgotten.he depict postwar germany as a nightmarish train journey .
with so many city
lying in ruin ,
leo kessler a young american of german descent feel obliged to help in their restoration .
it is not a simple task
as he quickly finds out.his uncle finds him a job as a night conductor on the zentropa railway line .
his job is to attend to the need of the passenger .
when the shoe are polished a chalk mark
is made on the sole .
a terrible argument ensue
when a passenger 's shoe are not chalked
despite the fact
they have been polished .
there are many allusion to the german fanaticism of adherence to such stupid detail.the railway journey
is like an allegory
representing man 's procession through life with all its trial and tribulation .
in one sequence leo dash through the back carriage
to discover them filled with half-starved body
appearing to have just escaped from auschwitz .
these image 
horrible
as they are ,
are fleeting as in a dream ,
each with its own terrible impact yet unconnected.at a station
called urmitz leo jump from the train with a parceled bomb .
in view of many by-stander he connects the bomb to the underside of a carriage .
he returns to his cabin
and makes a connection to a time clock .
later he jump from the train
( at high speed )
and lies in the cool grass on a river bank .
looking at the star above he decides
that his job is to build and not destroy .
subsequently
as he sees the train approaching a giant idge
he runs at eakneck speed
to board the train
and stop the clock .
if you care to analyse the situation
it is a completely impossible task .
quite ridiculous in fact .
it could only happen in a dream.it is strange
how one remembers little detail such as a row of cup
hanging on hook and rattling away with the swaying of the train.despite the fact
that this film is widely acclaimed ,
i prefer lar von trier 's later film
( breaking the wave and the idiot ) .
the bomb scene
described above
really put me off .
perhaps i am a realist .
