once in a while ,
you come upon a movie
that defines your value
and shows you the true depth of human emotion
leaving you drained .
vivah is just that \u0096 maybe more .
after watching ddlj 
saajan 
and lamhey 
i really thought
that bollywood has reached its pinnacle
and will never come up with anything like that - ever .
boy was i wrong !
i went to the store
to buy some grocery
and decided to pick this movie up along with the new `` don ''
( just so i can compare the great ab with shahrukh \u0096
although the decision is already made in my mind ) .
after debating whether i should waste almost 3 hour on a meaningless movie i
decided to watch it realizing i had nothing else to do .
when i saw the rating of u instead of an a ,
i was happy
that at least it is something
where i do not have to watch scan notily clad woman with bad acting skill doing nothing
but dancing on every opportunity
they get
and making out with every guy to show
that they have more skill in bed than a hollywood b actress .
for the first 5 minute or so i thought
i would again be subjected to meaningless story with bad acting .
after all everyone
who has seen shahid kapor know
that he as never gained his fame as an accomplished actor .
boy \u0096 was i wrong about this movie .
this movie grabbed my interest after the first 5 minute
and would never let it go .
it was a great movie with a good storyline about the vanishing tradition of our society .
i liked not only that the director was ave enough
to make a movie
where younger generation might not relate to the concept
( of arranged marriage ) ,
but also that he did it with a conviction
( that it is the right thing to do ) .
i have no idea
why some person think
that the acting was not good .
i felt
that the acting was great and even
though the music score might not be considered the best ever ,
it was still very very good .
the good thing is this music will grow on person with time
like it did with me
after the i watched that movie a second time .
the other good thing is that thee song are not pushed into the script
as we have all seen in so many movie .
these song actually tell a big part of the story
and are certainly a welcome addition .
just like ajay devgan went from being a joke to a great actor
( after company ) ,
and salman found his groove after `` hum aapkey hain kaun '' ;
this movie will help shahid kappor jump to being of the better actor and entertainer in bollywood .
this is the first movie of his
in which i like him and his role .
he acted well
and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid .
yes you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on a dunk like you saw shahrukh in ddlj
( even though he is shown to be an indian in england \u0096 both country not big on basketball by the way ) ,
he does come across as very believable as a person
who holds true to his value .
amrita rao 
for the first time came across
as someone to be remembered .
in all her other movie she was competing with big faces
which was actually hindering her .
no one knew how good of an actress
she really is until
they watch this movie .
some of the scene
in which she has to cry especially towards the end
really shows her knowledge and depth of acting .
although she has been in another movie
she is most memorable in this one .
i think
this movie will and should do wonder for her .
move over rani \u0096 there is finally another girl
who if given a decent chance
to work with good director
can grab the torch from you .
she is beautiful with a great voice
and has a face
that exudes complete innocence .
oh
having almost 0 % body fat does not hurt
either ( yes person i will challenge you find even 0.1 % fat on her and unlike so many other like sonali
she can actually act too ) .
i thought
i will never be enamored by anyone 's beauty after madhuri and early kajol ,
but she completely changed that .
shahid and amrita worked very well together and their relationship fitted their character
and they both did an excellent job
( although i was waiting for shahid to turn into a girl like salman did every time
he uttered
`` hum aapkey hain kaun '' ) .
when i finished watching this movie ,
it left me so emotionally drained
that i decided to watch this movie again
( right away ) .
yes right away .
i have never ever done that .
not even with ddlj ,
but this movie just had something
that had to be understood again and again .
i will probably watch this movie a third time over the weekend
just so i can watch and relive the tradition
we all grew up with .
i miss those time
where family sat down
and had fun .
when parent had time for their kid
and where kid respected what their parent believed in .
i know a lot of person
think
that movie does not portray real life
but deep down do not we all want it to happen .
the family 
thee tradition 
the love and respect .
this is what this movie will remind all of us of .
i can assure you
it is an extremely well made movie
which you will enjoy .
i am sure
some young person will not like this movie
but if you are over 28 i doubt
that you will be one of them .
