tourist head to ireland for a school trip
to learn about druid .
what they encounter is a horrific tale of cannibalistic killers.if i
had to sum up evil breed ,
it would be a low grade gore fest .
the film mix dead alive 
evil dead 
wrong turn all in one .
it is just too bad
that the film has so many inconsistency
to keep track
of that it loses any `` fun ''
one would have watching it .
the film has lot of random `` horror '' nudity ...
although the film also star four porn star 
yup four ,
so there could have been plenty more .
breed also showcases a good amount of gore .
evil breed has a horrible start 
with laughable dialogue and horrible acting .
that is a given in a straight to video horror film ,
but this takes the cake .
i can not really figure out
who the main character is ,
since the one female
who `` life '' at the end
is not really in the movie all that much .
speaking of the ending ,
that has to be one of the most random and bogus ending in the history of film .
it has no purpose with the rest of the film
and totally changes one 's view of the film.you have to see this film to believe it ,
since there are some pretty great death scene .
there are two death scene
that come into my mind ,
one
in which the ined killer rips the intestine out of a naked woman through her chest ... .yea her chest ,
do not ask me .
the other id
when the guy gets his intestine 
yet again ,
ripped out through his asshole .
does that kill the guy ?
no 
the killer continues to strangle the guy with his own intestine .
these scene remind me so much of dead-alive 
with the right amount of humour in each .
i also got the sense of evil dead 
with the pointless mention of horror film and sam raimi .
along with halloween ,
when the female character is in a closet screaming for her life with the killer trying desperately ;
y to get in.although ,
the gore and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the film .
when the teacher wakes up from her bed and walk down the stairs ,
her footstep are so loud and hard
that it seems like she was wearing boot .
distracting indeed .
as well as the continuity in the film 
with only one ined killer ?
as well as which character dy at which moment .
i could not tell
if the east implant chick was jenny or gary 's sister/cousin ... i can not remember .
as well as the random naked chick with a dead baby
hanging out of her body ,
still attached with the umbilical cord.the horrible editing is distracting as well ,
the opening credit are too fast and disorienting .
it did have a bad start
and got better ,
but the ending just ings the film back down to a horrible level .
if maybe there were better production value and more faith put into this film ,
then it would not have been horribly butchered to death .
stay away from this film ,
unless you are happy with the below budget horrible bad film with decent gore .
