there is nothing amazing about 'the amazing mr william ' .
part of this movie 's problem is its lead actor melvyn dougla .
he was a lousy actor and lazy with it .
for most of his career 
he allowed his good look 
a glib manner
and ( usually 
but not in this movie )
some fine scriptwriting to make up for his lack of acting ability .
i disliked dougla as an actor
before i knew anything about him as a person ;
i have learnt enough about him
to know
that i also despise his politic .
i will give melvyn dougla credit for one thing :
his chromosome did produce the incredibly talented and sexy actress illeana dougla.melvyn dougla made this movie right after the illiant 'ninotchka ' ... talk about a comedown !
'the amazing mr william ' is allegedly a comedy ,
but i never laughed .
dougla plays a plainclothe detective on the homicide squad ,
named kenny william .
i never heard of a police detective
named kenny ,
but if they called him kenneth william ... well ,
what a carry-on .
the whole city is in a panic
because a serial killer is going about 
killing woman .
no motive is given for this ;
he just likes to kill woman .
the mayor
( jonathan hale 
better than usual )
calls william on the carpet to account for his failure
to catch the killer.spoiler approaching .
the cheap 
vulgar 
untalented and unattractive joan blondell plays the mayor 's secretary .
( she does not sound literate enough
to file a letter ,
much less type one . )
blondell and dougla squabble like a cat and a dog ,
so it is blatantly obvious
they are going to end up together.at this movie 's lowest point ,
melvyn dougla decides to draw out the killer by dressing up as a woman .
you do not want to see melvyn dougla in drag !
he is well over six foot ,
and he does not even shave off that annoying moustache .
the similarly-'tashed william powell was an actor very similar in type to melvyn dougla
( but much more talented ) .
when powell disguised himself as a woman in 'love crazy ' ,
he had the integrity to shave off his moustache :
a genuine sacrifice ,
as powell needed it to grow in again for his next role .
but melvyn dougla ings nothing whatever to his role in this movie 
not even a razor .
he plays his drag scene with the same annoying smirk
he used throughout the bulk of his career.on the plus side ,
'the amazing mr william ' has several of those splendid supporting player
who made hollywood 's movie of the '30s so delightful .
edward brophy is illiant here 
touching and funny as a criminal
who gets an unlikely furlough from his life sentence .
the dyspeptic donald macbride is fine as a cop
who gets mistaken for the killer ,
and is nearly lynched by a mob .
ruth donnelly is splendid :
as usual for her 
but here she gets a chance
to show her talent away from her usual orbit on the warner brother backlot .
jimmy conlin 
luis alberni and the grinning dave willock are all fine in small role .
barbara pepper
( whom i usually dislike )
is good here too .
the grossly unpleasant maude eburne gets some screen time ;
i always loathe her ,
and she gives the same performance in every film ...
but some audience enjoy eburne 's one-note performance very much ,
for reason i can not fathom.if you are familiar with hollywood character actor of the 1930s ,
and the role
they tended to play ,
one glance at imdb 's cast list will tell you
who the murderer is .
that is the problem with 'the amazing mr wiliam ' :
everything is too obvious .
i will rate this movie 2 point out of 10 .
