after having seen deliverance ,
movie like pulp fiction do not seem so extreme .
maybe by today 's blood and bullet standard
it does not seem so edgy ,
but if you think
that this was 1972
and that the movie has a truly sinister core
then
it makes you think
differently.when i started watching this movie nothing
really seemed unusual
until i got to the `` dueling banjos '' scene .
in that scene the utality and edge of this film is truly visible .
as i watched drew
( ronny cox 
robocop )
go head to head with a seemingly retarted young boy
it really shows
how edgy this movie can get .
when you think
that the kid has a small banjo ,
which he could of probably made by hand ,
compared to drew 's nice expensive guitar ,
you really figure out just how out of their territory the four man are.as the plot goes
it is very believable
and never stretch past its limit .
but what really distinguishes this film 
about four business man
who get more
than they bargained for on a canoe trip ,
is that director john boorman
( excalibur )
eaks all the character away from plain caricature or stereotype .
so as the movie goes into full horror and suspense i really cared about all four man
and what would happen to them.the acting is universally excellent .
with jon voight
( midnight cowboy 
enemy of the state )
and burt reynold
( boogie night 
striptease )
leading the great cast .
jon voight does probably the hardest thing of all in this film
and that is making his transformation from family man to warrior very believable .
unlike reynold whose character is a warrior from the start ,
voight 's character transforms over the course of the movie .
ned beatty
( life )
is also good in an extremely hard role ,
come on getting raped by a hillbilly ,
while ronny cox turns in a believable performance.one thing
that really made this movie powerful for me is that the villain were as terrifying
as any i had ever seen .
bill mckinney and herbert `` cowboy '' coward were excellent and extremely frightening as the hillbilly's.overall deliverance was excellent
and i suggest it to anyone 
except for person with weak stomach and kid .
10/10 .
see this movie .
