no-nonsense inspector hollaway
( a solid turn by john bennett )
investigates the disappearance of a famous thespian
and uncovers the wicked past history of a creepy old house .
first and most mundane tale 
`` method for murder '' - successful author charle hillyer
( nicely played by denholm elliott )
is haunted by image of the murderous fiend
he is writing about in his latest book .
although this particular outing is too obvious and predictable to be anything special ,
it does nonetheless build to a real dilly of a genuine surprise ending .
second and most poignant anecdote 
`` waxwork '' - lonely philip grayson
( the always outstanding peter cushing )
and his equally lonesome friend neville roger
( the splendid joss ackland )
both become infatuated with the beguiling wax statue of a beautiful 
but lethal murderess .
third and most chilling vignette 
`` sweet to the sweet '' - quiet 
reserved and secretive widower john reid
( a typically terrific christopher lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role )
hires nanny ann norton
( the fine nyree dawn porter )
to take care of his seemingly cute and harmless daughter jane
( a remarkably spooky and unnerving performance by the adorable chloe frank ) .
this stand-out scary episode is given a substantial disturbing boost by the exceptional acting from gifted child actress frank ,
who project a truly unsettling sense of serene evil lurking just underneath a deceptively sweet and innocent angelic veneer .
fourth and most amusing yarn 
`` the cloak '' - pompous horror movie star paul henderson
( delightfully essayed to the haughty hilt by jon pertwee )
purchase a mysterious cloak
that causes him to transform into a vampire
whenever he wears it .
this item makes for good silly fun
and further benefit from the awesomely pulchritudinous presence of the luscious ingrid pitt as enticing vampiress carla .
director peter duffell ,
working from a deliciously macae and witty script by noted horror scribe robert bloch ,
maintains a snappy pace throughout
and does an ace job
of creating a suitably eerie atmosphere .
kudo are also in order for ray parslow 's crisp cinematography and the shuddery score by michael dress .
highly recommended to fan of omnibus fright fare .
