now do not get me wrong .
if you need an insightful summary of everything
that been wrong with the history of human civilization as well as a flawless path to ighter future for mankind ,
who better to turn to than a comedian and practitioner of pop culture ?
if you need a healthy dose of all the solid ,
sound reason
why religion has outlived
it is usefulness then turn to sagan or dawkin 
not bill maher for god 's ( ? )
sake !
that is a good point in and of itself .
maher dismisses our religious past as a neurological disorder conveniently
ignoring how his entire society 
art and science is rooted in it.in this film ,
he relies heavily on his keenly-honed skill set of irony and cynicism
to make his point
while attempting to appear erudite and wise .
unfortunately 
his intellect is not up to the task.maher makes us laugh
but is clearly not the ightest bulb in the box .
as an example 
he responds to an interviewee 's
( and i use the term loosely
as they were clearly all `` ambushee '' )
assertion
that the existence of jesus is historical fact with a deadpan `` no ,
it is not '' followed by a long stare meant to convey contempt at the subject 's naivety
( a device nauseatingly overused in this film ) .
the problem is that the person was correct and maher dead wrong in his assertion
that jesus is mentioned only in what he considers to be the historically- suspect gospel .
i guess
mr. maher has never read the contemporary historian josephus.but
the mass will flock to this pseudo-documentary
as they do the fictional work of other intellectual giant like michael moore ,
and they will loudly ay and guffaw
( they certainly did at my showing )
.it is doubly telling 
however ,
that the loudest and most mule-like aying occurred during the approximately 70 % of the running time
that the film
devoted to it
is anti-christian tirade
while the audience was wholly mute during the token 10 % devoted
to criticizing the self-described religion of peace .
hmmm .
either criticism of islam is off-limits to the hip and liberal target audience
or they were just afraid to laugh .
very telling 
either way..
