****do not read this review
if you want the shocking conclusion of `` the crater lake monster ''
to be a total surprise****a claymation plesiosaur rises from the depth of crater lake to wreak havoc on a group of local redneck ,
not to mention your fast forward button .
to call `` the crater lake monster '' amateurish is to overstate the obvious .
if you are not a fan of low budget drive-in film ,
you probably would not be looking here in the first place.the problem with the movie
is
that
when there is no monster action going on ,
it really sucks and goes nowhere .
the script is very ed wood-ish ,
in that it is utterly contrived in the way
it sets up the main action sequence .
nothing is too outlandish for `` the crater lake monster '' .
it explains its dinosaur
by having a meteor crash into crater lake 
'superheating ' the water to the point
where it incubates a dinosaur egg
that has apparently been resting at the bottom of the lake for millennia .
even if we could accept
that the egg could have been lying there for so long and remained uncovered and viable 
would not `` superheating '' the water to such a high temperature cause most of the lake to evaporate ?
other than some token fog in one or two scene ,
we see no evidence of the water
being hot ,
other than a few line in the script.the script is padded rather obviously in a few sequence ,
and it will do anything to get the character near the lake so
that they can be menaced by the claymation dino .
a couple just passing through experience car trouble
and while their automobile is being serviced ,
they decide to rent a boat and head out into crater lake .
hmmmm ... do you think
these stranger in the story could be there
so they would run into our title monstrosity ?
in a sequence
that is just plain bizarre ,
a drunk robs a liquor store
and decide to murder the cashier and a bystander instead of paying four dollar for a bottle of booze .
a car chase ensue 
and would not ya know
it ... they end up right by the lake .
snack time for cratey !
yeah 
it is not hard to figure out ,
and you are so far ahead of the script
that you are irritated
when it takes another ten minute for these scene to unfold.the shamelessness of it all is endearing ,
and i really want to like `` the crater lake monster '' .
i just can not do it .
there is not enough here
to go on ,
and this is more of a movie
to put on during a party ,
because you could talk right over it
and it would not matter .
the film has a slim list of the thing going for it ,
the most important being the dinosaur itself ,
which appears in three form :
a shadow puppet 
a large model head
that is dragged woodenly through the water ,
and a fully realized claymation insert
that actually looks pretty good .
there are also a pair of lovable hick in it ,
and they carry the majority of the intentional humor in the movie .
a downbeat
ending leaf us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our beloved hick 
so every good thing about this film is dead by the end of it .
why was i so affected by this conclusion ?
was it the mournful song played over the closing credit ?
or was i just weeping inwardly for the time
that i waste watching film like this ?
