what an ambitious project kenneth branagh undertook here
and how well it was realized !
this is the first filmed version of 'hamlet '
to use the full text of shakespeare 's play ,
but branagh did not do it just because `` it was there . ''
his intention ,
i believe ,
was to make the play accessible and understandable to the general viewer
without dumbing it down ,
so to speak .
in return he asks viewer to put in a little work themselves 
a fair enough proposition and one
that is a bargain.the setting
is a generic 19th century european one and this does more than work well ,
it keeps a modern or ancient look from possibly distracting from the work itself .
the production design and cinematography and both outstanding ,
which helps immensely
when you are watching a four-hour movie .
branagh 's casting once again is inspired
and the acting is likewise .
the direction accomplishes the heavy task
of making this a movie
rather than a deluxe version of a play .
since so much of 'hamlet ' is based on interior monologue
and there are relatively few duel 
battle 
etc. ,
this can be a daunting task .
but everything branagh try to do seems to work.branagh
has always been one of the most interesting actor/writer/director ,
if not always the best ,
since he made his big splash with 'henry v. ' one quibble i had with him was what i saw as a tendency
to ham it up at time .
in his portrayal of hamlet here he might be accused of that again ,
but there is a method at work .
let 's face it 
'hamlet ' is not an easy work for the average person to understand
and if one has never seen it performed before ,
he or she needs help even
if they have read the play .
hamlet has the most line of any shakespearian character
and branagh makes sure
that his viewer know
what this man is thinking and feeling throughout the film ,
even if you do not know the literal meaning of every arcane word .
this performance by branagh was at the very least worthy of an oscar nomination.there are so many other outstanding performance here they are almost too numerous to mention ,
but some of them must be acknowledged .
derek jacobi as claudius is superb
but even he takes a back seat to kate winslet
when it comes to handing out praise .
her portrayal of ophelia is awesome in its depth of feeling ,
made only more outstanding by the knowledge
that she was only about 20 year old at the time !
she looks to me like the finest young actress around .
other super performer in no particular order are richard brier 
nichola farrell 
michael maloney 
and reece dinsdale and timothy spall as guildenstern and rosencrantz 
respectively .
honorable mention goes to julie christie 
charlton heston 
and robin william ,
who manages to do his thing here successfully .
even billy crystal as a gravedigger works .
the one cast member
who does not 
inexplicably ,
is jack lemmon .
in the very opening scene he appears ,
and while the other three actor do a great job
at setting the tense mood ,
lemmon sound like he is just running line in rehearsal as a favor .
you know
this must have been a real dilemma for branagh ,
since everything else about the movie screams out
that it is the work of a perfectionist.not
to be facetious
when speaking of a four-hour movie ,
but it does seem just a tad too long .
some monologue and conversation do tend to go on a bit ,
if i may be so bold ,
and a little bit of judicious pruning would be welcome.did i forget anything 
other than patrick doyle 's score ?
no doubt i did .
i will just sum up by saying
that kenneth branagh may have made the definitive film version of 'hamlet 
'
and it will be a truly monumental production
that tops this one .
