a simple and effective film about what life is all about ,
responding to challenge .
it took a lot of gall for homer
and his friend to be able to grow into manhood
without falling in the trap of a prefaicated future
that runs from father to son ,
to be a miner in the local mine
and never get out of that fate .
it took also three different challenge for homer and his friend to conquer a personal and free future .
the challenge of the first ever man-made artificial satellite 
sputnik 1 
a soviet satellite 
a milestone in human history 
a turning point
that homer and his friend could not miss ,
did not want to miss .
then the challenge of science and applied mechanic to calculate and to devise a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could gather in book and order in their mind .
finally the challenge of a world
that resists and refuse and try to force you back into the pack 
even with an untimely accident
that forces you to get back into the pack for plain survival necessity ,
and even then homer proved he had the gut to accept the challenge
that was blocking for a while his own plan and dream .
but there is another side of the story
that the film does not emphasize enough .
homer is the carrier of the project
but he is also the carrier of the inspiration he and his friend need .
if he is the one
who is going to get the university scholarship ,
because his friend gave him precedence ,
his friend will also be able to get on their own road and track and step out of the mining fate 
thank to the energy his inspiring example set in front of their eye .
it is hard at time not to follow the example of the one
who is like a beacon on a difficult road .
but the film is also effective to show
how the father resisted this dream
because for him science was not the faic of a true man 
like mining or football .
the working class fate
that was so present in those 1950s and 1960s
and still is present in some area
is too often enforced by the traditional thinking of the father .
if the mother does not have the courage
to speak up one day ,
the working class fate i am speaking of become a tremendous trap .
here too the film is effective
and it should make some parent think .
this might have been the fourth challenge homer had to face :
the challenge
of taking a road
that was not the one pointed at and programmed by his own father.dr jacque coulardeau 
university paris dauphine and university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne
