the bourne ultimatum is the third and final outing for super-spy jason bourne 
a man
who is out to kill the person
who made him into a killer .
the bourne series is one of the highest regarded trilogy by critic
( ultimatum has an 85/100 on metacritic.com ,
meaning it is status is `` universal acclaim )
and for good reason- the fighting is choreographed very well
and the deep story can be very engrossing.first ,
i highly advise you watch the bourne identity and the bourne supremacy 
the two fancy-titled prequel to ultimatum .
there may be three different movie ,
but in reality they are all a continuance of one another :
missing one leaves you stranded and confused ,
just like i was .
you will still be about to enjoy the action and fight scene of ultimatum
if you missed the first two ,
but then the story will definitely lead to some confusion.if
you were lucky enough
to view the prequel to this movie ,
you probably had a treat
watching bourne take down his enemy and track down the man
who screwed him from supremacy .
jason bourne is played very well by matt damon .
damon does nothing to deserve an oscar nod ,
but his work here is good enough
to hold it is own .
bourne 's adventure take place in many different city ;
the city are all varied enough
to keep the movie from becoming bland at time .
the agency tracking bourne takes advantage of every technological tool
known to mankind
to track him down.i
will not go into detail on the character
because they are continuation off of the first two movie .
however 
it would not hurt the movie
to spell a few thing
out for the audience- not every viewer is a die-hard movie watcher
who can pick up on every little hint about story development .
ultimatum would not have been harmed at all
if the story was a little more up front.it seems
most person agree
that ultimatum was a success of a film :
the movie opened to $ 69 million ,
and -box office total now is up to $ 216 mil-
is currently still going very strongly for a movie
that has been in theatre
since august 3. it is the best action movie i
have seen since live free or die hard.good )
damon is solid but not spectacular 
very smart movie bad )
story is like many other
