it is official 
folk
-- hou hsiao-hsien does not have a thought in his pretty little head .
are you wondering
why he chose shu qi as his muse ? shu
( or is that qi ? )
does not appear in this one .
instead we get a snaggletoothed yo hitoto ,
apparently a pop star in japan
-- judging by her song at the end ,
she is a pop star just like the girl
who serves you at rockin ' curry
is `` a actriss '' -- and a wasted tadanobu asano 
typically an indicator of quality ,
who is required to do nothing here
but stand around
and look like a mumbling asian hipster
and is too old to manage even that .
hou 's philosophy ?
life is limbo 
a big nothing 
feel it
and move on .
i would like to do
that but hou gives us nothing to feel in cafe lumiere beyond a bland photo essay of life in tokyo circa 2003 and the flabbergasting observation
that person are ship
that pass in the night 
no ,
make that train that pass in the day ,
never connecting 
each hurtling to its own destination 
usually some variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a idge
if they are lucky .
yike .
flower of shanghai is one of the most rarefied 
technically accomplished and mesmerizing film of all time .
how could the same director
who created the opening shot of that film ,
which features about twelve actor conversing at machine-gun speed for about ten straight minute
-- an impossible directorial feat --
get trapped making this laconic sub-jarmusch reality porn for two film in a row now ?
millennium mambo may be dead weight ,
but at least it has two great shot ,
shot
that hint at hou 's true calling as the film equivalent of odilon redon :
those shot are the sex scene with the arrhythmically blinking light and the opening shot of shu qi floating down a blue corridor .
his m.o .
while making cafe lumiere seems to have been to remove the two great shot from millennium mambo
to make it more consistent .
you be the judge
if that sounds appealing .
hou does not need to refine
-- you can not refine the limbo idea further than flower of shanghai .
he needs to expand 
to bloat outward ,
to release the inner expressionist and genre-revitalizer
that is being squandered so senselessly on clich\u00e9d minimalism .
it is time for him to do a live-action remake of akira or something .
this kind of art film
where the actor are supposed to be authentic
because they are held facelessly in long-shot
and speak in monosyllable is now every last bit as safe 
ghettoized and stagnant as the hollywood action blockbuster .
( what is the connection between `` reality '' and person
who can not talk ?
it seems to me that person `` in real life '' never stop jabbering . )
then again ,
considering
that 2005 alone ought big-budget movie as diverse and rich in idea as aeon flux 
the island 
and king kong 
it is now safe to say
that even michael bay has surpassed hou ,
and that is really sad.the good news is that ,
though hou is in his 50s ,
it frankly feels to me
as if he has not even begun .
there are a couple moment in this film
that show the promise is still there 
such as a moody bit early on in the bookstore
when the room dims to a bloody sunset-red
while hitoto talk about baby with the faces of goblin .
but whatever fear is holding him back ,
however comfortable it is to make the same film over and over
and be hailed by the gullible and pretentious as the savior of cinema 
hou 
your time as the darling of the rotterdam 
venice 
toronto 
berlin and whatever else film festival is almost up
and person are catching onto your ruse double-quick .
two word for you :
atom egoyan .
two more word 
or maybe three :
tsai ming-liang .
you are now cribbing from both of these tedious fraud
who are about to go up their own dark tunnel forever .
risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic ,
sell out 
be reviled
-- but leave the social critique to person
that have no eye and no heart .
let your painterly talent express itself to the full .
you are not going to ever get out of limbo otherwise .
