there have been many movie featuring bigfoot ,
the majority of which are not good
but most at least have a goofy charm to them .
sasquatch hunter does not even have that going for it .
it is just a crashing bore.sasquatch hunter is about a group of paleontologist 
primatologist 
and forest ranger
that venture off into a remote part of a pacific northwest forest .
bone
belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate
have been discovered in this region
and since apes are not natural to north america
to begin with this leads to a scientific expedition .
sure enough 
they soon discover a whole burial ground full of the skeletal remain of these enormous ape-like creature .
i think
we all know what happens to person
that disturb ancient burial ground in the movie.the first half of the movie consists of uninteresting 
interchangeable character assembling their gear 
hiking through the wood 
stopping to rest 
hiking through the wood some more 
pausing long enough to investigate
and discuss a few finding along the way 
yet more hiking through the wood ,
looking for a group member
that has vanished 
even more hiking through the wood 
digging through dirt 
random theorizing ,
and gathering around a campfire
to discuss what little they have done that day .
when sasquatch finally shows up
it just turns into person stumbling around in the dark
while being picked off one at a time
( done in a blink
and you missed it fashion and the actual killing occurs off-camera ) .
all of this is excruciatingly boring.the movie wants to be taken seriously
and the director is clearly trying to build suspense
but there is none to be found ,
thus we are left with dull ,
drawn out scene of person wandering around the wood
just to get somewhere
and wander around the wood at night
trying to act scared .
i would be lying
if i said
i did not make liberal use of the fast forward button to speed these scene up.as for sasquatch himself 
much like every other character else in the movie ,
it does not have much to do and lacks a distinct personality .
it looks like a shaggier version of king kong ,
which is not all that bad except in the scene
where they used cgi instead of a man in a bigfoot costume ,
which is painfully obvious during the daylight monster scene .
a part of me can not help but feel
that
even using computer effect to ing bigfoot to life
is a tad sacrilegious .
if there is any single movie monster
that
i believe
should only be ought to life through situation ,
it is bigfoot.this is one of those movie
that does not so much have a plot
as it does a premise .
that is all
it really is 
a premise ,
which the person involved stretched out to make a feature length motion picture
without bothering to add all the ingredient
to make a worthwhile movie .
