i came to watch guerrilla 
part two of steven soderbergh 's biopic of che guevara ,
without having seen the preceding film
and without more than a cursory knowledge of che is life .
at the same time i was rather apprehensive
that this would be both a heavy-going history lesson and an unrepentant love-letter to the iconic revolutionary .
as it turns out ,
this film far exceeded my expectations.guerrilla works remarkably well as a standalone film .
the story of che is failed attempt to lead a revolution in bolivia 
then under military rule 
is a compelling tragedy .
the initial impetus
ought by che
is arrival incognito
to lead the guerrilla war
is lost as misfortune follows misfortune .
the odd stack up against the revolutionary .
us backing for the bolivian army 
hostile condition in the rainforest 
suspicious local and che is failing health are just some of the difficulty
which beset the nascent rebellion.soderbergh 's portrayal of che is largely uncritical ,
but this film is no hagiography .
the style is refreshingly undramatic 
with a subtle and effective soundtrack by alberto iglesia adding quiet drama to many scene .
che is undoubtedly the centre of the film
but there are very few close-up of his face
and we are encouraged to see the person fighting alongside him
and sometimes against him too .
where soderbergh wishes to demonstrate che is virtues
we see it in small episode such as the loyal acolyte
who upaids two fellow guerrilla
when they question che is leadership ,
and emphasises the sacrifice
that he has made in leaving behind cuba
to fight again for revolution.the direction throughout
is superb .
part two feel
tightly edited
despite its narrow focus
and is able to communicate a great deal through image
without the need for a narrator
to spell thing out for the audience .
at the start of the film
we see a few short clip of lavish party in post-revolutionary cuba ,
immediately furnishing us with idea
as to why che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country .
later on 
the portrayal of guerrilla marching through the unending rainforest stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps to create a feeling of the enormity of the task
before this tiny band of revolutionary.if there is a problem with the film
it is the distance between the viewer and che ,
which ,
though it does allow us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the person around him ,
makes it hard for us to understand him better as a person .
true 
benicio del toro is utterly convincing in the lead role \u0096 so much so
that it is difficult to remember
that you are watching an actor and not the man himself .
however 
watching guerrilla as a standalone film means
that we are given precious little insight
into what is shaping che is thought 
word and action .
it is to be hoped
that this is more to the fore in the first part of soderbergh 's biopic
( i can not comment on that yet ) ,
and certainly the strength of part two is making me look forward eagerly
to seeing the prequel .
