when i heard this film
was directed by ang lee ,
i made sure to see it .
this taiwanese director burst into fame with `` the wedding banquet ''
and `` eat drink man woman '' a few year ago
and then moved on to `` sense and sensibility '' and `` the ice storm '' .
now 
he turns his attention to another american icon
-- the civil war.this story takes place in missouri 
a union state with southern sympathy .
these never officially joined the confederate army .
instead 
they formed outlaw band ,
called `` bushwhacker '' ,
grew they hair long ,
and sometime would confiscated union uniform
which they wore over their regular clothing.the movie depicts their moral dilemma 
the high drama of the time 
and their supposedly heroic mission of killing storekeeper and farmer
who aided the union .
there are no star in this movie ,
unless you consider `` jewel '' the singer 
well cast as a young confederate widow
as a star.tobey macquire is cast as a young german farm boy
who is derided for his heritage
because the german were supposed union sympathizer .
this young man is an excellent actor 
full of fresh faced youth
whose performance encompasses his wonder and subtle realization
as he is exposed to the horror of war.jeffrey wright is a freed slave
who travels with the bushwhacker
because of his loyalty to the young man
who bought him his freedom .
he gives a fine and understated performance.some of the acting 
however ,
is wooden 
especially in the long conversation
they have about morality .
and their costume are too new .
and the `` southern gentleman '' theme of manner and hat-tipping and politeness to woman comes across as a bit much
-- especially since they make it a point to murder all the man
who they pull from their woman 's arm ,
then burn down the store and houses.while i do not think
that this will go down as one of lee ang 's `` great '' movie ,
i did find myself fascinated by it ,
in spite of the slow part and its excessive length of 140 minute .
i was interested in what was happening next
and felt empathy for each of the character
who all came across as real and imperfect human
being caught up in the force of history.not as much action as the usual war movie ,
but yet still recommanded
-- especially for civil war buff .
