for year madonna has tried to prove not only herelf 
but the public eye ,
that she can act .
unfortunately 
trying too hard
while failing to shed her own persona does not mix well.she seems to fare better
when she is not the star of any movie :
if you watch her in supporting performance in desperately seeking susan
( 1985 )
or a league of their own
( 1992 ) ,
she actually comes off looking good .
since the story revolf on other actor 
the weight of the expectation is taken off her shoulder by default.the trouble starts
when she is asked to be the star of a movie ,
regardless the genre .
being the focus of a plot
that needs to be told in a visual way ,
whether it be good 
mediocre or plain awful ,
she has to emote in way
that are akin to an actual movie performance
as opposed to a video performance .
this is the crucial difference between madonna and 
let 's say 
bette davis 
or meryl streep .
the latter two 
even if the movie were to fail
( because the visual storytelling lacked some effectiveness
in having us relate to it ,
or because the script fell short ,
or because the actress per se was just not at her moment ) ,
there would be an extra something in their performance
that would elevate the movie from being a complete bomb .
both davis and streep have had their share :
bette ,
having a longer career than streep ,
in such fare as bunny o'hare
( 1971 )
and wicked stepmother
( 1989 ) ;
streep in she-devil
( 1989 ) .
but at least there is been that naturalism in the way both attacked their role
that made us forget the banality of the movie and watch the performance.madonna 
on the other hand 
not being an especially gifted actress capable of really letting us in on her ability to convey a persona other than herelf 
fares much worse 
and even in the hand of someone as woody allen in shadow and fog
( 1992 ) 
an inferior classic 
she in her pat screen time seems stilted and a little stiff 
maybe even nervous ,
as if she were aware of the camera and crew
and just could not let go.so here
she tries yet once again to prove
she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie .
guy ritchie ,
more known for action movie filled in masculine energy ,
seems as adrift telling a story closer to someone of the like of michaelangelo antonioni or ingmar bergman ,
who could tell a tale of two person with incredible ease .
and at 89 minute 
the event
which take place happen in such an unconvincing way
that
when the final half hour comes along
and the story takes a dramatic turn ,
it does not feel sincere .
from being an absolute witch with no redeeming value
to suddenly being in love ,
this has to be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn
since fay dunaway 's laura suddenly discovered her passion for tommy lee jone in the eye of laura mar
( 1978 ) .
equally unconvincing is adriano giannini 's nasty turn around the middle of the movie
-- it lacks any humor and feel genuinely psychopathic --
and
when he gives in to madonna 's love ,
it is too quick to be believed .
filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery does not enhance or add upon this `` transformation '' from what would have been a story of survival between to unlikeable character to a love story
where both discover each other.trying to have an unsatisfying ending work against the movie as well
-- it only makes it drag ,
bog it down ,
and
when madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close-up ,
it feel
she is trying too hard .
many an actress have done better
in conveying so much doing so little .
her is a performance more suited to acting style of the late 20s ,
early 30s where posturing compensated
as acting a part or an emotion.could
the movie have been better ?
of course .
there are a myriad of way
to have filmed it in a way
that would leave the viewer feeling
that these person could at least hope to see each other again
-- it is been done before 
in overboard
( 1987 ) 
for example .
it could have had an existential undertone
in which two very different person have to rely on each other but not necessarily change
( to ensure a moral tone ) .
much dialog and unnecessary erotic scene could have been spared for a more `` silent '' film look
-- as in persona
( 1966 ) .
it could have even been something of a thriller ,
providing
that the giannini character have a mean streak
as billy zane had in dead calm
( 1989 ) .
even if it would have been done as a sex farce
it would have worked better for madonna as the over the top ,
uber-control freak getting her comeuppance .
but with its mean streaked humor ,
without at least a glimpse of her character
having a softer side
that hides behind a mask of bitchdom ,
and
without really defining giannini 's own character ,
this becomes another misfire trying to look like a battle of the sex .
