well 
i guess
i am emotionally attached to this movie
since it is the first one i went to see more than 10 time in the cinema ...
helping me through my master 's thesis ,
or rather keeping me from working on it !
but on watching it again several year
( and many many movie )
later -
what a well-crafted little gem this is !
i have never seen gwyneth paltrow in a more convincing performance ,
and jeremy northam is the perfect mr knightley -
where does one meet such a man ? ? ?
> > sophie thompson 's turn
as ms bate is virtuoso acting of the finest
( oh 
napkin 
sorry ! )
and the rest of the cast is no disappointment
either - toni colette ings a lot of muriel to her harriet ,
and ewan mcgregor is convincingly charming - and alan cumming and juliet stevenson are the perfect `` impossible '' couple !
of course the set and costume ,
and the beautiful soundtrack contribute a lot to the feelgood 
almost hobbiton-like atmosphere of the movie -
although as far as cinematography and art decoration go ,
it is almost a case of visual overload .
very very pretty ,
but a little more austerity might have conveyed a better sense of period .
but the good thing is 
the movie does not take itself too seriously ,
and there is plenty of fun - and some pretty cool editing -
that keep it from sinking into saccharine merry old england mode.my particular favorite
is the ball scene
- some beautiful acting and directing here ,
and the concluding dance summarizes the relationship between emma and mr knightley just beautifully .
pity
that the final proposal scene goes on for just a little too long - cut two shot
( i can think of exactly
which one ! )
and it would have been much more in keeping with the rest of the movie.gosh ,
i just realize
( by reading the imdb listing )
that i have seen jeremy northam in at least three movie
without even being aware
that it was him -
seems
he is got a lot more going for him 
as an actor 
than just being a gentlemanlike english heartthrob !
hmm 
guess i need to pay my video store a visit ... lovely movie .
my favorite jane austen adaptation so far -
though perhaps ang lee 's sense and sensibility is ,
strictly speaking ,
the better movie ,
this one is closest to my heart - and i have certainly seen it many more time !
watch it
if you can -
and do not be too hard on its little imperfection .
