polish film maker walerian borowczyk 's la b\u00eate
( french 
1975 ,
aka the beast )
is among the most controversial and ave film ever made and a very excellent one too .
this film tells everything
that is generally been hidden
and denied about our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of its image .
the image may look wild 
perverse 
`` sick '' or exciting ,
but they are all in relation with the lastly mentioned .
sex 
desire and death are very strong and primary thing and dominate all the flesh
that has a human soul inside it .
they interest and temptate us so powerfully
( and by our nature )
that they are considered scary 
unacceptable and something too wild
to be true .
a sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a french countryside
to meet her soon-to-become husband
whom with she has had a letter affair of some kind .
all are very exciting and each other ' parent
and relative wait impatiently to see the new person arriving to their family .
the innocence of the young ide shine through and no one knows what can happen
and wake up inside the wall of the big and beautiful french mansion 
with all its human and animal 
and a mysterious `` la b\u00eate ''
that turns out to be something
that the character 
nor most of the film 's audience 
could have never imagined to be real and ( in front of ) them.the film is about the same theme as canadian david cronenberg 's debyt feature shiver
( 1975 ) ,
which happens inside a huge luxury building
in which destructive and gory parasite spread from human to human by sexual contact
and make person act furiously and violently in their lust for pleasure and fulfilment of instinct .
human has instinct
that can be and are stronger than his will
and that is why
those instinct can be as dangerous
and powerful as the instinct of some other animal 
a beast ,
be it a lust for blood 
revenge or sex and carnal pleasure .
human are only animal
that have intelligence and tool to convey it but
because we are also animal ,
that intelligence is not always used too much
as can be seen anywhere around us .
the film opens greatly ,
and very shockingly for most hypocritic attitude ,
showing a horny male horse raging in fury
as he waits to get inside the mare
and continue the race ,
but the rage and visible lust we see from his eye and violent movement are the key element of that beginning
and why it is there ,
not the close-up of organ as could be so easily claimed .
the horse is a beast
that battles in an almost unbearable heat 
in heat
that is much stronger than his will
as he does not have any control at that point anymore .
the power of the instinct makes an animal a beast.after the memorable beginning ,
the character get introduced ,
and the film fantastically has all the necessary age group inside it from the little innocent child waiting
to grow up
and develop to their blossom 
to the adult and elder
that all represent their own part of the lifespan ,
creating the face of human life on screen .
a film does not necessarily need more character this way
as all the important one are already there
and represent the whole race ,
including the urban and countryside inhabitant 
and both sex .
the mansion makes the protagonist girl 's sexuality wake
as she saws the horse coupling
and acting like she obviously
has never thought of .
for the first time she sees something unique
and something
that excites and feels almost vital for her and her body 
like getting water
when you are very thirsty .
the transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film
as she has lived unaware of these thing inside her 
with his mother and camera and a letter-boyfriend ,
even though the thing have just waited for the moment to burst out .
flesh desire flesh
and that belongs to being a humanimal ,
but still those thing are not so easily admitted everywhere
and film like these trying to depict it get banned for decade ?
man 's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret image must not be an argument for a film
being banned or otherwise violated.the film 's last 30 minute are also as important as the beginning ,
and once again show
how powerful cinema is without needless word and talk .
as the girl and audience realizes what her body starts to feel and desire ,
she starts to have dream about the mysterious beast
that turns out to be none other than the undressed form of ourself ,
having lived in the wood
without other person/beasts near him .
the dream sequence is the one
that causes and caused most of the controversy alongside the film 's overall straight and honet attitude ,
and the image are so easy to be judged as `` perverse '' and `` pornographic '' ,
without a courage
to go deeper into them ,
character reaction
and thought behind what we see .
the image are exciting in her dream
and also eventually inside the dream for the dream 's
( more )
human character 
and borowczyk force us to admit it with the image
that are so close to a `` normal '' sexual act between a man and a female ,
which is a beautiful thing and expression of love 
another human need .
also the numerous 
and cleverly blackly humorous love making scene inside the mansion 
between the young mother and the black servant 
get interrupted many time as someone screams for the servant 
for example ,
and there is no doubt
that the sensual image of two young human body being together
and being interrupted with an angry shout at least does not become any more pleasant by the interruption .
borowczyk has managed to paint his image so beautiful and `` sensitive ''
that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood ,
but nothing seems to be impossible for our culture and mind
that criticize art .
he uses dialogue
only
when it is necessary ,
otherwise the image do the job
and make the film powerful.death
is also there ,
as flesh dy sooner or later 
after year of life and instinct 
it dy .
the ending is inevitable
but the meaning of the dream sequence could have also been as powerful
without the kind of dramatic and `` revealing '' ending too .
another blackly humorous element comes
when we see the shocked city woman
running out of the place
in which they saw a little more
than they were looking for !
they visited the mansion of truth about flesh 
us and them .
the film remind me of french writer george bataille 's story of the eye with its same theme about eroticism ,
death and how they both are always connected to the nature of our flesh .
the book is well written and fantastic as well as this film ,
and naturally both have been blamed for their `` too explicit '' content and other equally noteworthy shallow comments.borowczyk 's film is also very beautiful visually alongside its raw honety ,
and the nature and forest have rarely looked so ight and shining
as they do in this film .
the sun shine through the tree ,
and to everyplace where human live ,
and the beauty of it is always there ,
but so is the ugliness that originates by the inhabitant of the world .
to every innocent white sheep there is a selfish 
evil and horrible beast in our world
and that is why
the intelligence
we have been given
never fully seems to overcome the power of our bad instinct and the other side of the sheep ,
present inside every human soul .
it is about how many manage to keep the dark side passive and not active .
the fulfilment of some of our instinct is not a bad thing ,
and by using this intelligence
and seeing
which of the instinct are good
and which bad ,
they can be satisfied
without exploitation 
violence and the lethal and destructive circle
created by it .
human is not more than an animal with intelligence 
intelligence
that is so easy to be forgotten
and eaten to the background by thing
that feel better and more satisfying at each and perhaps sudden moment .
borowczyk 's film is a masterpiece 
unforgettable and clever piece of magical cinema with ageless theme
and also an example of how much can be achieved ,
expressed and given by a film maker ,
who is also only a human .
