i am in awe !
wow 
prepare to be blown away by the uncanny way of the ninja .
watch them
as they pounce ,
crawl along the ground
( on their back or stomach )
like a caterpillar 
fly through the sky 
climb building 
hide and spring from tree ,
throw about ninja star ,
role out blue welcome mat ,
disappear in smoke bomb 
make a lot of swoosh noise with their blade and quickly sneaking or trotting about on their to .
what a sight !
really i could go on about the many traditional action ,
but i will be here all day .
oh not to forget we even get the legendary chuck connor popping up now and again ,
and watch him dispatch some ninjas with his shotgun with little ease .
what class !
what a badass !
anyhow the ultra-cheap 'sakura killer ' is some stupid ,
but cheesy ninja action fun
that only fanatic of the genre would get anything out of this shonky b-grade debacle.a genetic lab in america has a very important video
that is stolen by a couple of ninjas .
two american are sent to japan by the colonel
( chuck connor )
to retrieve it.the opening of the feature sets
it up nicely .
get ready for the laughs !
afterward it slows down ,
but soon after the two main protagonist learns about the ninja
and goes through the training
it gets a head of steam
as they eak in costume and fled after the stolen beta tape
that contains a very important formula .
this is when the violently swift action and aerobic marital art really come in to play .
it is not too shoddy either ,
( like the moronic script and daft performance ) .
the final climatic showdown is very well done.in the slow stretch
it has the two american
( mike kelly and george nichola )
looking in to the case ,
sharing ainless conversation and encountering some minor problem .
what made me laugh was how the ninjas were put off
by how ave and clever these two were .
these were supposed to be professional killer ?
director dusty nelson
( 'effect
( 1989 ) ' )
does an earnest job with what he had
and play it for what it is .
he centres the on-screen activity around striking taiwan location .
the score is a chintzy arrangement .
