this film is a delightful ,
light hearted look at both side of where the `` club kid '' rave scene blend with the new york art 
music and performance art world
( with a cameo by the omnipresent miss bunny ) .
this is `` torch song trilogy '' for the perky-post-teen girl .
`` that girl '' for our disaffected ,
affected millennium time.the dialogue is fast and funny ,
and parker posey 's costumer deserves -
if not an academy award 
at least - a stadium `` wave '' of kudos.of course 
this film rests on the very stylish platform heel of miss posey ,
and she is perfectly cast .
like a lot of her acting work ,
it may not be very deep ,
it is often self-referential and 
well 
posey ...
but it all work .
she is a talented comedienne 
an incredible entertainer 
and this film entertains ,
she carries it on her shoulder like a faux leopard wrap ,
and never lets it drop to the floor.mary is a superficial party fashionista
who is not above stealing designer clothing from a friend 's closet
or making out with someone else 's boyfriend .
on a deeper level 
this is a story of a girl and her friend
who are care-less in every sense of the word ,
including about other person ;
and the process of learning
that caring is necessary to life .
the script is beautifully crafted 
witty 
and the only performance
that disappoint is the aunt ,
in a role
that was much too one-dimensional and heavy handed ;
a more nuanced performance from her 
would have deepened the relationship between the two ...
but ... hey ... this is comedy .
a surprisingly deep role ,
that gives this film some substance and world vision ,
is the fallafel selling boyfriend .
we should all
be so lucky ... is he the one for mary ?
or the one that gets away ?
i rate this as a 8
because it is not a great moment of film history ,
it is not a classic ,
and it is not great art
( all of which get deeper and richer on re-viewing ) .
like `` desperately seeking susan ''
it represents something very true about it is time period ,
but may become irrelevant with time .
still 
it has everything an entertaining film need ,
and is worth viewing several time for the clothe alone !
