in hazzard county 
georgia 
cousins bo and luke duke
( scott 
knoxville )
and their cousin daisy duke
( jessica simpson )
run moonshine made by their uncle jesse
( willie nelson )
while avoiding the local authority ,
boss hog
( burt reynold ) .
their problem with the boss are only beginning
as they learn
he is been plotting to strip mine the town for valuable ore found below it.i
have never seen the tv show
and after watching the movie ,
i am not going to start any time soon .
i like stupid comedy but this one did not offer many laugh .
it was a pretty dull picture with the first hour
being really hard to sit through .
the second part was a little better
but this film was still a missed opportunity .
the film focused on bo and luke way too much .
the character in general were not very interesting
and the actor portraying them did not do a very good job.the acting was not very good .
i was not expecting it to be good in the first place
but none of the lead were very funny .
seann william scott and johnny knoxville both give below average performance .
the latter was pretty good as stifler
but he tries way too hard here .
the latter just seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else .
jessica simpson is not known for her acting nor is she really known for her singing .
she is famous for having her own reality show
and for saying really dumb thing .
she is pretty
but she is a weak actor .
it does not matter
though
because she does not really appear in the movie and the character
she plays is not complex or anything .
willie nelson also has a minor role
and he does not do anything special.the screenplay was written by john o'brien
and he made two film prior to the duke of hazzard .
the first one was cradle to the grave ,
which was okay .
the second one was starsky and hutch
which was pretty funny .
he does not do a good job here
though as the story is a mess .
he also forgot to add joke and a few other thing
that would have made this film work better .
the movie is also pretty long for a comedy .
okay 
106 minute is not exactly long
but it feels
so much longer
because there is very little humor in the first hour .
i think
comedy should be kept short or else
they have to find a lot of material
to cover the entire running time .
the duke of hazzard barely has enough funny gag
to keep it going for thirty minute let alone 106 minute .
the car sequence were average
and they do not save an already troubled film .
in the end 
duke of hazzard may appeal to a few person
but most person will probably find it dull
and it is better
if you just skip it .
rating 4/10
