okay 
the recent history of star trek has not been good .
the next generation faded in its last few season 
ds9 boldly stayed
where no one had stayed before ,
and voyager started very bad
and never really lived up to its promise .
so ,
when they announced a new star trek series ,
i did not have high expectation .
and 
the first episode 
broken bow 
did have some problem .
but 
overall it was solid trek material
and a good romp.i will get the nit out of the way first .
the opening theme is dull
and i do not look forward to sitting through it regularly ,
but that is what remote are for .
what was really bad was the completely gratuitous lotion rubbing scene
that just about drove my wife out of the room .
they need to cut that nonsense out.but ,
the plot was strong
and moved along well .
the character 
though still new 
seem to be well rounded
and not always what you would expect .
the vulcan are clearly being presented very differently than before 
with a slightly ominous theme .
i particularly liked the linguist ,
who is the first star trek character
to not be able to stand proud in the face of death ,
but rather has to deal with her phobias and fear .
they seemed to stay true to trek lore ,
something
that has been a significan not problem in past series ,
though they have plenty of time to ing us thing like shooting through shield 
the instant invention of technology
that can fix anything ,
and the inevitable plethora of time-travel story .
anyone want to start a pool
on how long before the borg show up ? all in all ,
the series has enormous potential .
they are seeing the universe with fresh eye .
we have the chance
to learn
how thing got the way
they were in the later series .
how did the klingon go from just insulting to war ?
how did we meet the romulan ?
how did the federation form and just who put earth in charge .
why is the prime directive so important ?
if they address these thing rather than spitting out time travel episode ,
this will be an interesting series.my favorite line :
zephram cochran saying
`` where no man has gone before ''
( not `` no one '' )
