the anime
that got me hooked on anime ... set in the year 2010
( hey ,
that is not too far away now ! )
the earth is now poison gas wasteland of pollution and violence .
seeing
as how crime are happening ever 30 second
are so
and committed by thieve
who have the fire power of third world terrorist ,
the government of the fictional new port city form the tank police
to deal with the problem - cop with tank !
oh the insanity ! the `` hero '' of this series include the new recruit leona ozaki 
a red haired japanese woman
( yeah i know ,
they never match their distinctly japanese name with a japanese appearance )
who has just been drafted into the tank police
and is quickly partnered with blond 
blue eyed nice guy al .
leona is new at using tank
and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tank of tank police commander charle britain
( also known as `` brenten '' ) ,
a big guy
who looks like tom selleck on steroid
and sporting a pair of nifty sunglass 
a big revolver and a bad temper .
britain did not like
having leona join the tank police in the first place and her wrecking his tiger special
( a giant green monster tank )
does not exactly endear her to him ,
nor is he fond of her taking the remain of his giant tank
and using it to build a mini-tank
that she nickname bonaparte
and he is soon pushing to have her transferred to child welfare
`` where the boy are more your size ''
as he puts it .
there is also specs 
the bifocal genius 
bible quoting/god fearing chaplain 
purple mo-hawked mohican 
and the pot bellied chief ,
who 's right on the edge thank to the mayor always
yelling at him about the tank police antic .
seeing as how the tank cop often destroy half the city
while chasing the bad guy
and use extreme violence
to capture them ,
they are not very well liked by the person.the `` villain '' are a cyborg named buaku
who 's got a mysterious past
that is connected with a project
known as `` green peace '' 
his gang and his two sexy cat cyborg sidekick anna and uni puma .
in the first installment these guy are being paid
to steal urine sample from a hospital treating person
who have not been infected by the poison gas clouds and in the 2nd they are hired
to steal a painting
that is of a naked buaku .
the story 
however 
was uncompleted in the anime
and was finished up in a cult comic
( `` manga '' )
book
that is very hard to find.all sort of chaos and mayhem ensue in this black comic venture
that examines how far person want their police
to go
in order to catch criminal
and what happens
when the fine line between good guy and bad guy starts to get blurred .
this is the kind of thing
that
if you were going to make a movie of it ,
you would better go get quentin tarantino .
uneven in place but still a lot of fun.followed by `` new dominion :
tank police '' .
