i heard and read many praising thing about `` midnight meat train '' ,
which is based on a short story
written by no less than clive barker
and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original `` hellraiser ''
that he directed himself ,
but so far i can only express very mixed sentiment about my viewing experience .
the most appropriate term to summarize the whole film in just word is :
nauseating !
the violence is sadistic and extreme ,
which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horror enthusiast ,
but it is also indescribably gratuitous and exploitative .
normally speaking ,
i am very pro-violence
but it has to at least serve some kind of purpose .
the butchering \u0096 literally \u0096 depicted in `` midnight meat train ''
is exclusively meant to shock and to repulse the viewer with weak nerve system
and easily upset stomach ,
and even that is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effect .
there are more shortcoming 
some even bigger than the pointless gore ,
but perhaps i should focus on the good element first .
the basic concept is definitely promising and multiple sequence
( like the chase in the freezer room 
for example )
are literally oozing with nail-biting suspense and macae atmosphere .
unfortunately the pacing is very uneven
and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is made unnecessarily convoluted .
presumably the processing of a short story into a long feature film scenario is responsible for the pacing irregularity ,
but i honestly feel
they could have done more with the denouement as well as with the character
played by vinnie jone .
the plot introduce leon 
an aspiring photographer in new york
whose agent advises to search for the truly menacing face of the city through sinister picture .
leon then becomes obsessed with stalking an introvert and suspiciously behaving butcher
who always awaits the midnight train .
leon 's right ,
as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer
who literally crushes his victim with a big hammer ,
but the killer 's motivation and behavior suggest
there is something far more substantial going on the rail at night .
`` midnight meat train '' takes place in naturally unsettling location like subway station at night and animal abattoir ,
plus the film also benefice of good acting performance and a truckload of downright disturbing image
( like cadaver on meat hook and train carriage smeared in blood ) ,
but director ry\u00fbhei kitamura
( `` versus '' 
`` godzilla final war '' )
does not take full advantage of it all .
the ending leaves a whole lot question unanswered and ,
even if clive barker meant to have like this ,
i still think
we deserved a slightly more clarifying finale .
`` midnight meat train '' is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting film ,
but not without default .
it is not intended for easily offended viewer ,
but maybe person
looking for plot coherence and clarity should leave it alone as well .
