tainted look at kibbutz lifethis film is less a cultural story about a boy 's life in a kibbutz 
but the deliberate demonization of kibbutz life in general .
in the first two minute of the movie 
the milk man in charge of the cow rapes one of his calf .
and it is all downhill from there in term of the character
representing typical `` kibbutznikim . ''
besides the two main character ,
a clinically depressed woman and her young son 
every one else in the kibbutz is a gross caricature of well evil .
the story center on how the kibbutz 
like some sort of cult 
slowly drags the mother and son deeper into despair
and what inevitably follows .
there is no happiness 
no joy 
no laughter in this kibbutz .
every character/situation represents a different horrific human vice like misogyny 
hypocrisy 
violence 
cultism 
repression etc .
for example ,
while the protagonist is a strikingly handsome european
looking 12 year old boy \u0096 his older other is a typical kibbutz youth complete with his `` jewish '' physical appearance and utish personality .
he cares more about screwing foreign volunteer than the health of his dying mother .
he treats these volunteer like trash .
after his little other plead of him to visit his dying mother
whom he has not seen in a long time due to his military service ,
he order ,
quote \u0096 `` linda 
go take shower and i cum in two minute . ''
there is one other `` good '' character in this movie \u0096 a european foreigner
who plays the mother 's boyfriend .
when the animal rapist try to hit the mother 's son ,
the boyfriend defends him by eaking the rapist 's arm .
he is summarily kicked out of the kibbutz then for `` violent '' behavior against one of the kibbutz member .
more hypocrisy :
the indescribably annoying french woman
who plays the school teacher preach
that sex can not happen
before age 18 ,
or without love and gives an account of the actual act
that is supposed to be humorous for the audience ,
but is really just stupid .
she of course is screwing the head of the kibbutz in the field
who then in turn screws the little boy 's mom
when her mental health takes a turn for the worse .
the film portrays the kibbutz like some sort of cult .
child get yanked out of their bed in the middle of the night
and taken to some ritual
where they swear allegiance in the field
overseen by the kibbutz elder .
the mother apparently can not `` escape '' the kibbutz 
although in reality ,
anyone was/is always free to come and go
as they choose .
it is a mystery how the boy 's father died ,
but you can rest assured ,
the kibbutz `` drove him to it ''
and his surviving parent are another pair of heartless 
wretched character
that weigh down on the mother and her son .
that is the gist of this movie .
one dimensional character 
over dramatization 
dry performance 
and an insidious message
that keeps trying to hammer itself into the audience 's head \u0096
that kibbutz life was degrading 
miserable and even deadly for those
who did not `` fit in . ''
i feel sorry for the guy
who made this film \u0096
obviously
he had a bad experience
growing up in a kibbutz .
but i feel
as though he took a few kernel of truth regarding kibbutz life
and turned them into huge atomic stereotyped bomb .
