this 1973 remake of the classic 1944 billy wilder film 
`` double indemnity 
'' is a textbook example
of how to destroy a great script .
this grade-b tv fodder also illustrates the folly of remake in general .
while hollywood has gone after greedy executive
that colorize black-and-white film and sought disclaimer on wide-screen movie
that are shown in pan-and-scan version ,
the industry has ignored the hack
that insist on taking a classic film
and diminishing it with a shoddy remake.the first step
in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic
is to edit the script .
the billy-wilder-raymond-chandler work was cut by a half hour
to fit the finished film into a specified time-slot with room for commercial .
then update the production with bland 
color photography 
smart 
upscale set 
and tv-familiar actor .
thus 
the and-new `` double indemnity '' eliminates the atmospheric black-and-white film-noir cinematography
that enhanced the mood and characterization of the original .
gone are the dusty 
shadowy 
claustrophobic set
that explained the protagonist ' desire
to escape their situation at whatever cost .
gone are the close bond between keye and neff and the erotic attraction between neff and phyllis.the look of jack smight 's take on `` double indemnity '' is more `` dynasty '' than film noir .
phyllis dietrickson has a designer home
to die for ,
and neff 's comfy pad would be hard to afford on an insurance salesman 's salary ,
not to mention the sporty mercedes convertible
that he drives .
neither character has any apparent motive to murder for a paltry $ 200,000 .
if not money ,
then perhaps murder for love or lust ?
not in this version .
richard crenna shows little interest in samantha eggar ,
and their kiss are about as lusty as those between a other and a sister .
crenna fails to capture the cynicism of neff ,
and his attempt at double-entendre and sexual suggestiveness fall horribly flat .
eggar is little better and lacks sensuality and the depth
to suggest the inner working of a supposedly devious and manipulative mind .
only lee j. cobb manages a creditable performance as keye .
director jack smight and his three principal have all done much better work.there was no conceivable reason
to produce this wretched remake
except to fill time in a oadcast schedule .
there was no conceivable reason to resurrect this dud on dvd and package it with the original film
except to fill out a double-disc package .
the only lesson
that can be learned from this misfire
is that even a great script and great dialog can be ruined with poor casting 
lackluster direction 
and tv grade production value .
the 1973 `` double indemnity '' should be titled `` 10 % indemnity 
''
because viewing it only underscores the 100 % perfection of the original movie .
