this is very much not the sort of movie
for which john wayne is known .
he plays a diplomat 
a man
who gets thing
done through word and persuasion rather than physical action .
the film move with a quiet realism
through its superficially unexciting story.for the open-minded 
the patient and the thoughtful ,
this movie is a rich depiction of an intriguing part of history.there are two intertwining story .
the big story is of internalised 
isolationist japan and externalised 
expansionist america clashing
when their interest conflict .
the small 
human 
story is of an outsider barbarian
( wayne )
and a civilised geisha 's initial hostility and dislike turning to mutual respect and love .
the human story is a reflection of the greater story of the two nations.the movie is very well done
and all actor play their role well .
the two lead role are performed to perfection .
john wayne is excellent as townsend harris ,
striking exactly the right blend of force and negotiation in his dealing with the japanese .
eiko ando is likewise excellent as the geisha of the title 
charming and delightful .
the interaction between her character and john wayne 's is particularly well portrayed .
this is exactly how these two individual
( as they are depicted in the film )
would have behaved.the script is very well written .
it lacks all pomposity .
and is a realistic depiction of the manner
in which the depicted event may have occurred .
the character are real person 
not self-consciously `` great '' figure from history .
furthermore 
the clash of culture and interest is portrayed with great skill and subtlety .
indeed 
the clash of a traditionalist ,
and traditionally powerful 
isolationist japan and a rising 
newly powerful nation from across the ocean is summarised very well in one exchange between john wayne and the local japanese baron .
wayne complains
that shipwrecked sailor are beheaded
if they land in japan ,
and that passing ship can not even put into port for water .
the baron responds
that japan just wants to be left alone .
wayne 's character reply
that japan is at an increasingly important crossroad of international shipping ,
and that
if thing continue
as before the nation will be regarded as nothing more than a band of igand infesting an important roadway .
a very real summary of the way
in which the two country each saw themselves as being in the right ,
and saw the other as being in the wrong .
the resultant clash between two self-righteous persons with conflicting interest has its reflection throughout history 
a continuing theme
that echoes into the present and on into the future.cinematography and the depiction of mid-nineteenth century japan ,
before the accelerated growth toward industrialisation
that was to follow later in the century ,
is excellent .
a visual treat 
and an enlightening insight into japan 's ancient civilisation.i highly recommend anyone ,
whether a john wayne fan or not ,
to watch this film
if you get the chance .
just be aware
that it is not an action film .
it is a representation of an interesting place and time in history ,
and a slow-boiling love story
which ( much to their surprise )
comes to dominate the personal life of the two main character .
watch this film on its merit ,
without preconception 
allow yourself to be immersed in its story ,
and you will thoroughly enjoy it.all in all 
an excellent film .
