i have recently seen this production on dvd .
it is the first time i have seen it
since it was originally oadcast in 1983
and it was just as good as i remembered .
at first as was worried
it would seem old fashioned and i suppose
it is a little dated and very wordy
as the bbc serial were back then .
( i miss those wonderful costume dramas
that seemed to be always on sunday afternoon back then )
but that aside it is as near perfect
as it could have been .
i am a bit of a `` jane eyre '' purist
as it is my favourite book
and have never seen another production
that is a faithful to the book as this one .
i have recently re-read the book as well
and some of the dialogue is just spot on .
reading the scene near the end
where rochester question jane about what st john was like i noticed their word
were exactly reproduced on screen by dalton and clarke and done perfectly .
all the other production
that have been done all
seem lacking in some way ,
some even leave out the `` river '' family and their connection to jane altogether .
i also think
this is the only production
to include the `` gypsy '' scene
done correctly.the casting is perfect ,
zelah clarke is like jane is described in the book `` small plain and dark ''
and i disagree
that she looked too old .
timothy dalton may be a little too handsome
but he is absolutely perfect as rochester 
portraying every aspect of his character just right
and acting his sock off !
i agree with other comment
that he even appears quite scary at time ,
like in the scene
when he turns around slowly at the church
when the wedding is interrupted ,
his expression is fantastically frightening .
but then in another favourite scene his joy is wonderful to see
when jane runs down the stairs and into his arm the morning
after they declare their love for one another .
a love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable .
oh to be loved by a man like that !
there were a couple of scene
that were strangely missing however ,
like when jane climb in to bed with the dying helen
and also
when rochester takes jane shopping for her wedding thing
( i thought
that one was in it but maybe my memory is playing trick ) .finally
if you never see another production of jane eyre -
you simply most see this one it
is simply perfection !
