this is a complex film
that explores the effect of fordist and taylorist mode of industrial capitalist production on human relation .
there are constant reference to assembly line production ,
where worker are treated as cog in a machine ,
overseen by manager wielding clipboard ,
controlling how much hair the worker leave exposed ,
and firing worker
( stanley )
who meet all criterium
( as his supervisor says ,
are always on time ,
are hard worker ,
do good work )
but who may in some unspecified future make a mistake .
this system destroys family - stanley has to send his father to a nursing home
( where he quickly dies )
after stanley loses his job .
iris ' daughter is a single teen mother
who drops out of high school
to take a job in the plant .
reference are made to the fact
that now ,
with declining wage 
both partner need to work ,
the implication being
that there is nobody left at home to care for the kid .
iris ' husband is dead from an illness ,
and with the multiple reference in the film about the cost of medical care ,
the viewer must wonder
if he might have lived with better and more costly care .
iris ' other in law gets abusive after yet another unsuccessful day at the unemploymant office
when his wife yell at him for buying a beer with her saving instead of leaving it for her face lift and/or tooth job
( even the working class with no stake in conventional bourgeois notion of perfection and beauty buy into them ) .
the one reference
to race in the film is through a black factory line worker
whose husband is in jail
( presumably ,
he is also black ,
and black man suffer disproportionally high incarceration rate ) .
she remark
that he 
like her 
`` is doing time ''
- her family is composed of a prisoner and a wage slave.stanley 
however ,
still believes in human relation
and is therefore for most of the film outside of the system of fordist capitalism .
he cares for his father in spite of the fact
that it was his father 's traveling salesman job
that resulted in his illiteracy -
he has not yet reduced human relation to a purely instrumantal contract 
as iris ' other in law does
( suggesting
that he `` married the wrong sister '' ) .
he does not ,
as iris says ,
conform to the work-eat-sleep routine of everyone else ;
rather 
he uses technology and the technique of industrial production in an artisanal and creative way 
in a sort of bauhaus ideal .
this was the dream of early modernist and 1920 's socialist
( such as the bauhaus ) - to use technology
to provide for all basic need ,
allowing for more free time for creative human work and fuller human relation .
he is also outside of traditional gender relation .
he cooks ,
he cleans ,
he cares for his family ,
and he knows how to iron .
iris 
on the other hand 
lives in a traditionally male role -
she is a factory worker 
the main source of income for her
( extended )
family ,
and she ings stanley into the public realm ,
traditionally off-limit to woman .
by teaching him to read and write ,
she gives him access to the world of knowledge ,
also traditionally gendered male.literacy here is used as a metaphor for the
( traditionally masculine )
public realm and the system of circulation
( monetary 
vehicular 
cultural )
that enable participation in the public realm .
without this access ,
stanley is feminized - the job open to him are cooking and cleaning .
he is excluded from all regular circulation ,
unable to participate in the monetary
( can not open a bank account ) ,
in the vehicular
( can not get a driver 's license ,
can not ride the bus ) ,
and in the social
( he asks
if he exists
if he can not write his name )
.after learning to read ,
he grabs book on auto repair 
farming 
and spirituality
( the bible ) .
the word of god is therefore relativized ,
placed on the same value plane as how-to book .
in fact 
organized religion in general is only very occasionally present -
the bible also appears on a dresser as the camera pans
to find stanley and iris
having sex .
it is 
however ,
acknowledged as a moral force - iris ,
clearly a character
devoted to living a `` good '' life 
mantions at the beginning of the film
that her rosary was among the object lost in a purse snatching.once
able to read ,
he enters the system and lands a managerial position with a health care plan 
a car 
and a house ,
taking his place at the head of the family 
the eadwinner .
presumably 
he is an industrial designer ,
dreaming up product
that will require other enduring the drudgery of the assembly line to produce .
this ending 
probably the only bit of conventional hollywood in the film 
is so incongruous with all
that has come
before that i at least wonder
if it was not forced in by some studio exec suddenly worried about the lack of a feel-good ending and its potential effect on the bottom line.now
that ,
according to the pundit ,
we have comfortably moved on to post-industrial capitalism ,
the film also has a slightly nostalgic feel ,
as though we needed the historical distance
to really analyze what happened during that period .
nevertheless 
it is highly recommanded - at least
if you want to exercise your ain .
disregard the ending ,
and it is close to a perfect 10 .
