arnold once again in the 80 's demonstrated
that he was the king of action and one liner in this futuristic film about a violent game show
that no contestant survife .
but as the tag line says
arnold has yet to play !
the movie begins in the year 2019
in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other important material in short supply
and a totalitarian state has arisen ,
controlling every aspect of life through tv and a police state .
it is most popular game show is the running man ,
in which criminal are forced to survive against `` stalker ''
that live
to kill them.the movie opens with ben richard
( arnold )
leading a helicopter mission to observe a food riot in progress .
he is ordered by his superior to fire on them ,
refusing to gets him knocked out
and thrown in prison ,
in the meantime they slaughtered the person
without his help .
the governmant blames richard for the massacre earning him the name `` butcher of bakersfield '' .
eighteen month later richard along with two friend william laughlin
( koto )
and harold weiss
( mcintyre )
eakout of a detention zone
they worked in .
they make their way to the underground ,
led by mic
( mick fleetwood ) .
mic quickly identify richard as the `` butcher of bakersfield ''
and refuses to help him ,
but his friend 's convince him otherwise .
they want him to join the resistance ,
but he had rather go live with his other and get a job .
soon he finds
that his other has been taken away for reeducation and a woman name amber mandez
( alonso )
has taken his apartmant .
knowing
who he is she will not help him ,
but he convinces her ,
but is busted at the airport by the cop
after she ratted him out.meantime ,
the running man is having trouble
finding good new blood for the there stalker
to kill .
damon killian
( dawson )
the show host and one of the most powerful man in the country sees richard escape footage
and is able to get him for the show after his capture .
richard refuses to play ,
killian threaten to use his friend instead of him ,
so he sign the contract .
you will love that part .
but soon he finds
they will join him as well
and makes sure killian knows
he will be back .
the runner begin to make there way through the zone and fight character
that are memorable 
sub-zero 
buzz saw and many other .
eventually richard is joined by amber
who suspected
he was set up
but was caught
and thrown into the game too .
together they find the underground
and make there way back to killian
and give him a farewell send off.the
running man is another one of arnold 's great movie from the 80 's .
the movie was apparently somewhat based on stephen king 's book of the same name .
some have said
that the book is better .
i am sure
it is not and i do not care anyway i loved the movie .
as in all of arnold 's film the acting is what you would expect with classic one liner from arnold
and even ventura gets a couple in .
but without a doubt richard dawson is the standout in this film .
being a real game show host
he easily spoofed himself
and was able to create a character
that was truly cold blooded .
the whole movie itself somewhat rips on game show
and big other watching you .
keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old show ,
`` hate boat '' among other .
also the cast was great besides arnold 
koto ,
and alonzo do not forget professor toru tanaka 
jim brown 
ventura and sven-ole !
with all the reality tv nonsense
that goes on it almost fits in better now ,
but i am sure
the hollywood liberal would make it into a movie about the `` evil bush '' .
the new dvd had mostly poor extra meet the stalker
being the only redeemable one .
some how the aclu managed to get some of there communism into the dvd
and is laughable garbage
that should not be anywhere near an arnold movie of all thing .
blasphemy !
overall for any arnold fan especially we
who grew up in the 80 's on him ,
you can not miss this .
its one of the first one i saw back in the 80 's
and it is still great to this day .
the futuristic world and humor are great .
overall 10 out 10 star 
definitely one of his best .
