no 
i have not read the stephen king novel `` thinner 
''
but i choked down the film version .
horror movie are an acquired taste .
regular movie give an audience a hero to applaud
as he strives to achieve a goal .
in horror movie 
audience are invited to savor the demise of character .
in director tom holland 's low-fat but tasteless revenge chiller `` thinner 
'' nobody win
and everybody deserves the bite
that is put on them .
gluttonous new england attorney billy halleck
( robert john burke of `` robocop 3 '' )
has a weight problem .
although he rocks the bathroom scales at 300 pound ,
he appears happily married to a trim 
delectable wife 
heidi
( lucinda jenney of `` g.i .
jane '' )
with a yeasty teenage daughter.fat does not mean stupid here .
halleck displays his sagacity in court
when he win an acquittal verdict for sleazy mafia chieftain richie ginelli
( joe mantegna of `` house of game '' ) .
driving home from a victory feast ,
billy hits an old gypsy woman crossing the street and kills her .
a cover-up occurs 
and halleck 's friend get him out of the soup .
the disgruntled gypsy father taduz lemke
( michael constantine of `` skidoo '' )
retaliates with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two town official
that exonerated him .
suddenly 
halleck finds himself shedding pound no matter how much chow he chomps .
when he begs the vengeful gypsy
to lift the curse ,
the old man refuses .
desperately 
halleck resort to richie .
while halleck struggle with the gypsy
to remove the hex ,
he learns
that his loyal wife has turned his attention to the town 's hotshot doctor .
`` thinner '' qualify as not only laughably inept horror flick ,
but the filmmaker also rely on stereotype of man and woman .
tom holland ,
who directed `` child 's play ''
( 1988 ) ,
and scenarist michael mcdowell 
have served up such a slipshod script
that you can not relish watching billy get his just dessert and shrivel up .
`` thinner '' boasts few shock and fewer surprise .
the filmmaker may have regurgitated king 's novel ,
but they have filleted whatever sense of horror
and humor it contained .
holland and mcdowell introduce character 
such as the mafioso 
then inexplicably let them off the hook .
one minor character shows up long enough to die
and have a chicken 's head stuffed in his mouth.the stereotypical behavior of the character may offend audience 
too .
`` thinner '' depict woman as oversexed vixen and man as swine .
when halleck sneaks home from a clinic ,
he finds
his doctor 's sport car parked at his house .
his suspicion ripen into jealousy and he cooks up a scheme
to get the curse transferred to this wife .
even the premature ending lack any satirical flavor .
oscar-winning special effect wizard greg cannom of `` van helsing '' and make-up artist bob laden do a fabulous job beefing up actor robert john burke
to look obese .
they succeed 
too ,
in making him shrivel.only die-hard stephen king fan will be able to stomach this misogynistic gooledyspook .
