this contains spoilers.i have rarely seen a film
that is as unbelievable as this one is .
and being french ,
it tries for depth
by being enigmatic nothing really makes any sense.l\u00e9o is gay
and has just announced at eakfast to his family
that he is hiv positive .
the youngest other 
marcel 
has not yet come down to eakfast ,
and the first thing the family does is decide
that at 12 year of age he is too young to be told .
maybe if he was four or five 
but twelve ?
the first totally unbelievable thing is
that the family does not even ask
where or how he got the virus ,
how long he has known about it nothing is asked .
they only worry about marcel finding out .
this is a very close \u0096knit provincial family ,
but although they decide not to let marcel know about l\u00e9o 's hiv positive status nor the fact of his being gay ,
the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no question or reaction .
how many family do you know
where the parents/other would not have at least some reaction to one of the member announcing
that he is gay ?
here 
nothing.l\u00e9o decide
that he needs to go to paris to see his ex-lover .
and he decide to go on the trip with 
of all person 
marcel .
do you know
anyone
who would ing his little other along to go see a lover ?
again 
totally unbelievable 
especially since marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problem nor of his homosexuality .
if this is the way
the family has decided to let him find out ,
it is rather utal
and again unbelievable.l\u00e9o goes to find his lover 
aymeric 
at his work in a paris bar .
the owner says
that aymeric will not be there until the early evening .
but why would l\u00e9o want to see him at work ?
why not phone and arrange to see him in some place more private
where they can really talk ?
why not go and see him at his home ?
but no 
l\u00e9o shows up later in the day
( with marcel in tow )
and is surprised
when aymeric does not just drop everything to go walk with him for 5 minute .
aymeric tells him
that he is no longer available ,
that it was l\u00e9o who left him ,
and that l\u00e9o had not replied to any of his letter .
l\u00e9o says
`` but i love you '' and then wander off .
but if he really loved aymeric ,
would not he have at least told him about his hiv status ,
to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication ?
this would be the least
he could do \u0096 but not a peep .
he leaves
and does not even warn aymeric
that he might have contracted the aid virus .
this is totally irresponsible of him \u0096 and of the film-maker ;
this film was apparently made for a french tv series for young person \u0096
it is the perfect way
to show kids how to be responsible .
well 
not here i guess
`` every man for himself '' is still the french way
of doing thing another aspect of the film
which was totally unbelievable
was the `` touchy-feely '' aspect .
everyone is always leaning against someone 
caressing someone or kissing someone .
inside the family and outside the family .
i have never seen
anyone in france be this physical ,
never mind an entire family .
seated at the eakfast table 
one 17 year old other has his leg perched on the lap of his elder other ,
and the elder other is caressing his leg
as everyone sits around discussing something .
how many other do you know who are that physically close ?
in another scene 
the same 17 year old comes into marcel 's room
asking `` what is the matter ,
can not you sleep ?
`` 
then takes off his clothe and 
completely naked 
gets into bed with his other and snuggles up to him
as if they were lover .
this and another similar scene between l\u00e9o and marcel gave a somewhat incestuous feel to the film .
sorry 
again i do not believe
that this is regular behaviour between teenage other.the only good thing
i can say
about the film is that the actor are all quite fine especially marcel in the main role .
but it was not really enough hiv and aid are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light .
at the end of the film 
the family has gone to the cemetery to bury l\u00e9o 
but once again ,
marcel has been left out of it \u0096 he has been left in the care of a cousin
( i think ) .
nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar .
is this what such a close-knit family would have done ?
it is totally inconceivable
that they would not have included him in his other 's funeral .
it was the last scene of the film ,
and it was the last straw for this viewer .
