italian-born eleonora has inherited from her deceased lover karl 
an ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the wood .
it is winter
and she meets the mysterious caretaker leslie ,
who eventually ends up not only just looking after the house 
but also that of eleonora ,
as she tries to adapt to her new surrounding and a growing attraction between the pair.what was i expecting ?
a thriller indeed ,
but it was not quite so .
that is just the advertising on the package for ya !
i am quite perplex about everything .
the title 
the story and the motivation .
so how to classify it ?
well 
this wooden character drama is more a enigmatically moody romance bound-story of alienation 
possession and dependence twisted into a complicatedly passionate relationship of two masked individual .
co-writer
( along with william dafoe )
and director giada colagrande 's art-house film is just too clinical ,
distant and calculated with its mysteriously metaphoric story ,
which it leaves you questioning
what does it all really mean
although when its sudden conclusion materialise ,
you will thinking
why should i actually care .
what we go through feel aimless with ponderous exposition of dead air
that focuses of insignifican not detail and image .
sterile dialogue can contributed to many awkward development ,
but more so make for an leaden experience ,
as it never delves deep enough .
like it believes it does .
the sexually salty activity filtered in just never convince and are far from erotic .
they are kind of a bump in the already sluggish flow .
the base of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh ,
but it is never fulfilling and i thought
there 'll be more to it then all of this dreary lingering .
colagrande 's direction is professionally stylish and suitably gloomy to want she imagine ,
but everything feel
like it is in slow motion
and can get caught up admiring the same view .
most of the action stays at the one location the house .
camera-work is potently taut ,
but the sullen musical score can get a bit ridiculous
when it goes for some dramatically stabbing music cue
that served little sense and purpose to the scene .
giada colagrande plays
it sensually and william dafoe sleep walk the part .
he looks dog tired !
while seymour cassel ,
pokes his head in now and then.just where is it heading ,
is anyone 's guess .
well 
that is if you can wait around for it .
i think
i will give it the benefit of the doubt ,
as it is definitely not what i was expecting from this indie film .
