i was very disappointed by this film for a few reason .
for the first half hour it is actually pretty decent .
although the acting is not any better
then
that
which you would find in a rap video ,
its kinda funny and the production value does not seem half bad .
in fact i almost thought
this would be almost as good as perico ripiao
( another recent dominican film )
which turned out
to be much much better than i expected .
the plot for the movie revolves around not just cheating husband
but how woman are viewed
and treated in dominican society as a whole ,
which makes for a good premise especially in the dominican republic .
unfortunately i do not think the maker of this film relies
that a good movie is all
about how you treat your subject matter ,
and they f'ing butchered the veal cutlet
they had before them .
about 30 minute into the movie the role of man and woman are reversed
after the main character wife puts a kind of spell on him as a result of his cheating habit .
not only does this transition happen via what look to be cutting edge 
space age 
cgi effect dating to what i am guessing
would be the 70 's ,
but the whole plot just goes down the drain .
the rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situation 
and clever one liner .
to top it all off
( and i guess i should warn you now **spoiler alert** )
it all turns out to be a dream .
oh my who did not see that coming ?
oh man i almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie .
well after about an hour into it i start thinking
`` hmmmm something just does not seem right about the sound track
but what can it be ? ? ''
and then it hits me half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game
called king of fighter 95.when oh
when dr will you give us a film
we can call a work of art ? ! ? !
perhaps a comedy to match france 's amelie 
or an action flick to match thailand 's ong-bak 
an animation
as akira was to japan 
a witty crime thriller
as layer cake was to england 
or a socio-awakening journey as waking life had here in the state ...
.i would give it a 1
but i have seen much worse come out of dr 
search los jodedore
and you will know
what i am talking about .
