last year 's remake of 'the hill have eye ' was one of the better attempt
to update the vaguely exploitational horror flick of the 1970 for a new audience .
alexandre aja allowed for an admirable degree of character development
and
when the violence started
it was mean and savage
and all carried out in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design .
i was one of the few person
who actually thought
that it was better than the original
and looked forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the savage desert mutant .
'the hill have eye 2 ' ,
released just a year after the original 
seems a rushed and ill-conceived attempt to cash in on the franchise with little thought to quality .
jonathan craven 's screenplay could have been written in a weekend ,
and given the speed
with which this movie made it into cinemas ,
probably was .
it falls back on every hackneyed genre clich\u00e9 in the book
while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert mutant mythology .
i alway let out a groan of disappointment
when a sequel replaces civilian character with the military .
soldier are alway so lazily written
and never fail to thoroughly bore with crude caricature of strutting macho bullshit .
in my mind 
'aliens ' was the only movie
to successfully make such a transition 
due to jame cameron 's talent ,
not simply for directing the best action sequence around ,
but never forgetting
that an audience has to care about the person
being butchered .
he was also ably assisted by some genuinely talented actor .
with 'the hill have eye 2 ' ,
it is clear that video director martin weisz is no jame cameron ,
and the cast of television bit-parter have not the talent or even the inclination
to turn their cardboard cutout character into anything approaching
living 
eathing human beings.needless to say ,
every character is a oad and generic clich\u00e9 .
they act in dumb and illogical way ,
making dumb and illogical decision
that lead them to predictably dumb and illogical death .
the latter half of the movie becomes just another tedious chased-through-dark-corridor scenario .
'the descent '
( on which sam mccurdy 
coincidentally 
also worked as cinematography )
proved
that even this most derivative of sequence can still be carried out with genuine originality and suspense ,
but we see no such innovation here .
'the hill have eye 2 ' is just a very lazy movie 
devoid of any suspense 
tension 
or surprise 
with not a single individual
involved remotely
interested in producing anything of quality .
it is a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves
to spend the rest of its life in a blockbuster 's bargain bin .
