this film
( like astaire 's royal wedding -
which was shown
after it on turner classic network last night )
is famous for a single musical sequence
that has gained a place in gene kelly 's record :
like fred astaire
dancing with a clothing rack and later dancing around a room 's wall and ceiling ,
this film had gene kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with jerry mouse .
the sequence is nicely done .
what is forgotten is that kelly is telling the story behind the cartoon sequence to dean stockwell and his fellow child student at school during a eak in the day ,
and sets the stage for the sequence
by having stockwell and the other shut their eye and imagine a pastoral type of background .
kelly even changes the navy blue
he actually wears into a white `` pomeranian '' navy uniform with blue stripe on it .
jerry mouse does more than dance with gene .
he actually talks - a first
that he did not repeat for many decade .
he also finally puts tom cat into his proper place - tom iefly appears as king jerry 's butler ,
trying to cheer him with a platter of cheeses.but the sequence of the cartoon with kelly
took about seven minute of the movie .
far more of this peculiar film is taken up with kelly 's story of the lost four day furlough in hollywood ,
and how kelly ends up meeting katherine grayson
and ( with frank sinatra )
stalking jose iturbi at the mgm film studio 
the hollywood bowl 
and iturbi 's own home .
except that the two sailor mean no harm this film could have been quite disturbing.kelly has saved sinatra 's life in the pacific ,
and is getting a medal as a result .
they are both among the crewman back in california
who are getting a four day leave .
but the script writer
( to propel what would be a short film - kelly
has plan to spend four day
having sex with one `` lola '' 
an unseen good time girl in hollywood )
saddle gene with frank .
it seems frank is one of those idiot
that appear in film
after film of the movie factory
( particularly musical comedy )
who are socially underdeveloped and in need of `` instruction '' about meeting girl
( or guys
if the character are woman ) .
frank insist
that gene help `` teach him '' how to get a girl .
just then a policeman takes them to headquarters
to help the cop with a little boy
( stockwell )
who insist on joining the navy
( and will not give the cop his real name and address ) .
when a protesting kelly is able to get this information out of stockwell
by asking him some straight question
( which the cop could not ask ) ,
they insist kelly take the boy home to his aunt
( grayson ) .
still protesting 
kelly gets saddled with increasingly complicated problem
( mostly due to sinatra 's simplistic soul view of thing ) .
he misses
seeing lola the next day by sleeping late -
sinatra felt
he looked so peaceful sleeping
he did not wake him up .
he keeps getting dragged back to grayson 's house ,
as sinatra feel
she is the right woman for himself ,
but needs kelly to train him in love making.i suppose my presentation of the plot may annoy fan of anchor aweigh ,
but i find this kind of story irritating .
while the singing and dancing and concert music of kelly 
sinatra 
grayson ,
and iturbi are first rate ,
it is annoying to have to take the idiocy of someone like sinatra 's character seriously .
in the real world kelly would have beaten the hell out of him at the start
for following him at the beginning of the four day furlough - what right has he to insist
( as sinatra does )
that someone
who saves their life
should assist him on learning how to date ?
that kind of crap always ruins the total affect of a musical for me -
unless the musical number are so superior
as to make me forget this type of nonsense.the stalking of iturbi
is likewise annoying .
kelly tries to get grayson to like sinatra
when he says
sinatra can get her a meeting with jose iturbi to audition her singing ability .
for much of the rest of the picture sinatra and kelly try to do that ,
and keep floundering
( at one point - for no really good reason - grayson herself ruins kelly 's attempt
to get an interview at mgm with iturbi ) .
it is only sheer luck
( that iturbi feel sorry for an embarrassed grayson )
that she does give him an audition of her talent .
kelly 
by the way 
ends up with grayson .
sinatra 's conscience at not being able to help her see iturbi makes him ashamed of his bothering her
( but not pulling kelly into it 
oddly enough )
and he meanwhile accidentally stumbles into meeting a waitress
( pamela britton )
from his native brooklyn .
and naturally ,
without any assistance from kelly 
sinatra and britton fall in love .
ah 
'' consistency '' !
thy name is not `` screenwriting '' necessarily !
