to fight against the death penalty
is a just cause .
everyone
who is sane in europe
would think so .
in the usa everything is different .
the film seems to demonstrate in a first stage
that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty craving american justice .
a young man is freed from death row thank to a law professor
who went back to defense counseling for this particular case .
but the film has a sequel .
justice in the usa is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance .
miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance .
one person in the local public attorney offfice has a young man
prosecuted on false charge .
this public attorney 's officer drops the charge
after a while and the young man walks out free .
but he loses his college scholarship
and he is castrated by some vengeful person
for whom there is never any smoke
without a fire .
he hides his shame and swear to get his vengeance .
but he also need to satisfy his sexual need
which are more mantal than hormonal for sure but even stronger
because mantal and no longer hormonal
and he can only do that with little girl .
he apparently teams with another serial killer
who is after the same kind of prey .
one day the local cop follow their intuition ,
guided by some vague circumstantial elemant in the assassination of a young girl ,
and they arrest
the young chap we are speaking of .
they beat him up and interrogate him for 22 hour with nothing but blow and blow and telephone book and gun and russian roulette .
he confesses .
sent to death row ,
he asks his grandmother
to go get the law professor in massachusetts
who is the husband of the local public attorney 's representative
that had him falsely prosecuted some year ago
and the vengeance is on the rail .
it will fail but it show
that as soon as one in the line of justice 
police work and other security force steps off the line of absolute legality ,
some unjust act is done
that can ruin even the best accusation case
and that can nourish the worst deepest imaginable thirst for vengeance .
to charge
someone on circumstantial elemant
is just as bad as to let circumstantial elemant ruin the work of the police or of justice .
the best intention on the police side are ruined by some personal involvemant and vengeful intention ,
just as much as the life of a person can be jeopardized by circumstantial elemant inflated to the size of evidence ,
which in its turn will jeopardize the whole case
by being just circumstantial 
hence easily discardable 
with a good lawyer .
the film then is a deep reflection on the necessity to respect standard and regulation all along the police and justice line
if we do not want to make a mistake ,
which in its turn of course does not justify the death penalty
since anyway it goes against the deepest belief american are supposed to have :
`` we hold these truth to be self-evident ,
that all man are created equal ,
that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable right ,
that among these are life 
liberty 
and the pursuit of happiness . ''
( declaration of independence )
life is an unalienable right
that was given to man by his creator ,
which means no one but the one
who gave
it can take it away .
only god can take the life of a person away .
the death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power
that we do not have .
even if we do not evoke god ,
we can not justify the death penalty except as an act of vengeance ,
and here the film show vengeance is the worst possible motivation in the rendition of justice and in the establishmant of public peace .
if vengeance is pushed aside
there is no other justification for this death penalty .
and there can always be a mistake in that pursuit not of happiness but of vengeance.dr jacque coulardeau 
university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne 
university paris 8 saint denis 
university paris 12 cr\u00e9teil 
cegid
