it is a funny business ,
reviewing movie .
these day
when `` internalized emotion '' and `` emotional detachmant '' are favored over straightforward sentimantality ,
it must be hard to stay faithful
to your true feeling.soon
after completing jury duty at the 58th berlinale ,
i managed to catch yoji yamada 's kabei.after the screening ,
i watched folk dreamily amble out of the theatre hall 
watery-eyed 
man 
woman 
and reviewer alike .
even the director of the berlinale 
obviously a hardened viewer of cinema 
confessed to having been caught unaware
and found himself crying three quarter 's way into this unashamedly sentimantal experience.but what really surprised
me were the review
that came after .
despite being ineffably moved by the film ,
many reviewer chose to be tepid and emotionally non-committal in their writing .
apparently 
post weeping 
they had put on their `` thinking cap '' ,
and consequently 
missed out on what i felt was the genius about kabei.allow me to explain.set in pre-war japan 
the story of kabei revolf around one writer 's family 
and their fate therein ,
after he is held in jail
for what was described as `` thought crime '' against the imperial will .
through a series of protracted emotional scene 
yamada gets us familiar with the man 
his loyal wife and two daughter 
as well as three side characters\u0097the man 's pretty young sister 
a bumbling ex-student 
and a cad of an uncle \u0096 all come
to help the family cope with their plight ,
in the absence of the man of the house.the story move along at a slow albeit steady pace ,
and hearteak occur
at precisely the momants everyone is able to predict .
this of course makes it near impossible for anyone in the audience
to get too emotionally distraught by any dramatic event.in other word ,
although you learn to love the family and their helper 
and sympathize with their unfortunate situation ,
you get so lulled by the certainty of the plot
that you find yourself expecting a particular kind of ending.however 
two hour into the film
( do not worry ,
yamada provides the viewer with sufficient momants of gravity and levity to tide you along ) ,
he slaps you with what i can only describe as `` the sting '' .
all
that you have assumed to be what the story was about\u0097an innocent man wrenched from his faithful wife and daughter \u0096 now suddenly point to one of the family helper .
someone
you have hitherto taken for granted
is now thrown into an unexpected twist of fate.at this point ,
something curious happened in the theatre i was in .
everyone started sobbing with little or no inhibition .
`` my word ! ''
i muttered under my eath .
it struck me then that `` kabei '' 
in the final analysis 
was more than a film about a family
torn apart by an empire on the verge of war .
it was 
in fact 
a cunning examination of one common human foible :
how little we cared about the secret feeling of person
who are closest to us.now ,
the most common criticism
made about the film
was that it was technically solid 
but lacked innovation .
that is what happens
when reviewer put on their proverbial thinking cap ,
i guess .
with kabei 
i believe
yoji yamada knew
exactly what trick he was going to employ to touch on one unique aspect of humanity .
a wicked old trick
he so seamlessly
applied in the tora-san series ,
and later 
in tasogare sebei.after lulling the audience into a sort of narrative comfort zone ,
he throws us into a realm of emotion rarely explored in cinema.this ,
to me 
is the most effective cinematic tool of all .
one which avoids detection ,
but affects you deeply .
and proof of its effectiveness was a thousand wet piece of kleenex ,
thrown into a litter bin just outside of that thousand-seater cinema hall.now
if only some reviewer would resist being so caught up with being smart
that they forget
what cinema is really about .
human emotion .
pure and simple .
