a scanner darkly 
minority report 
blade runner 
sin city and sky captain and the world of tomorrow \u0096
if you are a fan of any of these
then this will be well worth checking out.french animation project 'renaissance '
took seven year
to make on a shoestring budget and tonight i
finally got to see it at a private screening for the international film festival in stockholm .
my spontaneous reaction is awe ;
my further reflection is 'huh 
neat '
and closer analysis regrettably gets a resounding 'meh ' .
it is a gorgeous science fiction triumph on the surface ,
but scratch it or even poke
it a little and its unnecessarily complex plot becomes glaringly apparent ,
as do the flat character .
nevertheless it is clear that the person at onyx film have done something spectacular with the aforementioned surface .
the visual are staggering .
they have used live action motion capture fitted into key-frame animation 
with stark jet black and ight white contrast and a heavily shadowed rotoscoped background .
for those of you
who are not down with the 'technical lingo ' ,
the film looks like a fully-animated sin city .
its fluid 
transparent 
dark and stylized template is complemented by great lurid lightning .
it is a vision .
yet much credit is also due to the crisp sound effect
that take the form of humming futuristic weapon 
suspenseful music 
heavy raindrop and glass shard eaking .
it is every tech-nerd 's wet dream ...
the film zoom in on an eerily-lit 
bleak 
futurescape paris
in which a major corporation
called 'avalon '
has begun to interweave in the life of the citizen with surveillance
( think
the fluid transparent screen from minority report )
and genetic engineering .
the latter leads to a mysterious kidnapping of young researcher ilona
( voiced by the lovely romola garai ) .
cut to our hard-boiled cop-on-suspension and protagonist kara
( daniel craig )
\u0096 a man
who takes the law into his own hand \u0096
who is assigned the case of finding and retrieving ilona .
during this case 
he is being aided by illona 's sister
with whom he also begins a love affair .
a very half-assed love affair ,
if i may say
so.the world of renaissance is remarkable .
director christian volckman takes a fair jab at melting the noir theme
and the result is an urban jungle filled with cad 
rat 
femme fatale and lonely detective
that hide in the shadow of the seedy slum .
the problem is that the creator undoubtedly felt the need
to have extremely clear and spelled-out archetype in the story ,
or the film would have been `` too surreal '' for mainstream audience ,
owing to its lurid animation format .
it follows then that we have a multitude of clich\u00e9d character such as evil-laughing villain 
sleazy crime boss and butch tough-chick
who blow smoke every chance
they get .
it shoves noir in our faces ,
and it is not necessary.what is worse is that the dialogue is a little contrived .
it seems as though every line exists for the sole reason
of propelling the plot .
this is nothing fatal
because the plot is so complex
once it gets going
that it needs some clear direction .
daniel craig helps here too by inging a no-nonsense attitude to his hard-edged cop character .
at one point in renaissance 
he is seen in a vivid car-chase
that surely is one of the most adrenaline-pumping and top notch sequence of the film .
unfortunately 
the novelty of the sci-fi visual have worn off post this car chase and 'renassaince ' could benefit from being slightly shorter .
in summary 
a very interesting
but flawed futuristic comic book experience.7/10
