*contain spoiler due to me
having to describe some film technique ,
so read at your own risk !
*i loved this film .
the use of tinting in some of the scene makes it seem like an old photograph come to life .
i also enjoyed the projection of person on a back screen .
for instance 
in one scene 
leopold calls his wife
and she is projected behind him rather than in a typical split screen .
her face is huge in the back
and leo 's is in the foreground.one of the best use of this
is when the young boy kill the ravenstein on the train ,
a scene shot in an almost political poster style 
with facial close up .
it reminded me of battleship potemkin ,
that intense constant style coupled with the spray of red to convey ton of horror
without much gore .
same with the scene
when katharina finds her father dead in the bathtub ... you can only see the red water on the side .
it is one of the thing i love about von trier 
his understatement of horror ,
which ends up making it all the more creepy.the use of text in the film was unique ,
like when leo 's character is pushed by the word 
`` werewolf . ''
i have never seen anything like
that in a film.the use of black comedy in this film was well done .
ernst-hugo j\u00e4reg\u00e5rd is great as leo 's uncle .
it ings up the snicker i got from his role in the kingdom
( riget . )
this humor makes the plotline of absurd anal retentiveness of train conductor against the terrible backdrop of ww2 and all the chaos ,
easier to take .
it reminds me of riget in the way
the hospital administrator is trying to maintain a normalcy at the end of part one
when everything is going crazy .
it shows
that some person are truly oblivious to the awful thing happening around them .
yet some person 
like leo 
are tuned in ,
but do nothing positive about it.the voice over ,
done expertly well by max von sydow ,
is amusing too .
it draws you into the story
and makes you jump into leo 's head ,
which at time is a scary place to be.the movie ings up the point
that one is a coward
if they do not choose a side .
i see the same idea
used in dancer in the dark ,
where bjork 's character does not speak up for herself
and ends up being her own destruction .
actually 
at one time 
von trier seemed anti-woman to me ,
by making breaking the wave and dancer ,
but now i know his male character do not fare well either !
i found myself at the same place during the end of dancer ,
when you seriously want the main character
to rethink their action ,
but of course 
they never do !
