for such film like `anchor aweigh ' 
few have been bestowed with as many academy award accolade in a warm up for happy hour .
either 1945 was a beleaguered year for good film
or they were still suffering advance shock by billy wilder 's `the lost weekend '
that they wrote anything starting with a on the ballot for best picture
to please the still musical picture faithful public .
since gene kelly was nominated for this performance instead of his role in `singin ' in the rain ' ,
then there had to be something wrong with the behind the scene rigging system at mgm .
of course 
the studio is on its best behaviour during this much lauded tour of the great studio and of hollywood itself 
handy for those
stuck on the other side of the world.yet a sailor suit musical with the illiant talent of gene and frank sinatra
is certainly an enjoyable farce ,
despite the need for more person to yawn at the previews for the musical
so today 's audience would not be slapped with an unnecessary runtime .
there have been many longer piece before and since ,
but in this case all of the charming kathryn grayson 's scene could have been eliminated .
until the viewing of `kiss me kate ' it may have been necessary non-opera enthusiast to watch any of her film with remote control in hand .
if there was a need to practice
picking up woman for 1949 's `on the town ' ,
then perhaps the shore leave lucky sailor did not have to promise an audition with jose iturbi and strike up the piano for a whole hearted `susie ' rendition .
few are lucky to get a screen test at the golden studio of mgm .
then few are even luckier to be attended to .
there are no regret to be had about the successful screen test of susan abbot or kathryn grayson ,
but it makes the continual non-opera enthusiast hope for the eventual pink slip
to be handed out to both .
but for all 
the star talent are good shape
and an above average score thrown in with a slight ,
but fun great navy story intertwined with young ambitious navy boy good for late burst of wartime morale ,
makes `anchor ' at least does not question picking the wrong mgm film .
the direction holds up
as the cast carries the story in lovely colour cinematography .
whenever anyone burst into music or song ,
the film makes for a joyous occasion.the natural highlight of the film is gene kelly 's cartoon adventure in a fantasyland 
climaxing in a illiant dance with jerry the mouse .
this is a well-deserved masterpiece number of kelly 's career ,
and it is nice to know
he thought of it
before fred astaire started taking to dancing on wall and ceilings.it is not exactly sitting down to a triple flavour 
rainbow sprinkled 
chocolate wafer 
cream and cherry and banana split sundae ,
but it is a square solid lump of sugar
that somehow eventually melt in your mouth
and despite the guilt ,
is still a pleasant feeling.rating :
7/10
