i have to admit
when i went to see this movie ,
i did not really have high expectation .
but even with my low expectation i was totally
and utterly disappointed ...
basically luke wilson is a hot shot
who tends to go out with slightly crazy girlfriend .
there is slight mention of a girl stalking him
but that is pretty much it for that character .
which i do not quite mind cause
it would probably be just as underdeveloped as the rest of the movie.so
while on a subway rainn wilson
( who i actually liked before this movie )
convinces him to talk to a `` hot '' girl 
uma thurman .
this is strange to say the least ,
as everyone can clearly see
that uma thurman does not belong under the category of `` hot '' .rainn wilson 's performance is also far from `` hot '' .
normally i am all for his acting ,
but even he could not salvage this movie .
his character was jumpy 
unrealistic and rather annoying .
you could never tell
if the writer were trying to make him the comical token closet gay guy 
or just desperate .
it was almost painful.but anyway ,
someone steals her purse
as she goes to leave the subway ,
and luke wilson being the charming savior
he is run after the robber .
now we all know
that uma thurman is the superhero 
or `` g-girl ''
as they like to call her in the movie .
it still baffles me as to what the `` g '' stand for ,
but we will leave
that for the message board to debate.the sex scene i assume are supposed to be funny ,
but i find myself asking
who has sex like that ?
they nearly throw the bed through the wall
because of uma thurman 's `` passion '' let 's say .
it makes my head hurt ,
but not in the `` i am thinking really hard to understand this '' way.when uma insult anna fari ,
calling her a `` whore '' i had no debate with that .
apart from the fact
that she can not choose movie properly ,
she can not act and rely souly on the fact
that she is blonde
and typical.overall i would 've walked out of the theater if i had not paid $ 8.75 to see it .
the character are typical
and have absolutely no chemistry 
especially uma thurman .
someone should let her know
that just because you move your head a lot does
not mean you are acting.also ,
the script and storyline could have used either a lot of work or a match and some lighter fluid .
i actually started to feel embarrassed for the actor 
and their dying career .
overall ,
if you value your money ,
and your self respect do not waste your time with this pathetic attempt at a movie .
