this had all the making of a very good film
-- good actor
( robert loggia 
ellen parker ) 
a good plot
( mysterious missile from space threaten
to burn up the planet )
and lot of stock footage
( if the air force had film of jet firing rocket ,
it was used ) .
unfortunately 
it is ruined by too much melodrama and an impossible time-line.the movie concern a missile from space
that is attacked by the soviet and inadvertently diverted into a low atmospheric orbit .
at under five mile and at a speed in excess of 4,000 mile 
it emits an exhaust of a million degree ,
burning up everything on the ground ,
including glacier 
distant early warning
( dew )
line basis and eskimos.every attempt
at destroying the missile fails.the first flaws in this film
appear early on .
while we do not expect much from low-budget film ,
some thing can not be forgotten
-- like a little research .
for instance 
both the soviet and the us fire anti-ballistic missile that home in on the missile with unerring accuracy .
however 
the first successful abm test were not done
until march of 1961 by the russian.there is too much melodrama .
dr. loring
( loggia )
and his assistant joan wood
( ellen parker )
play their romance with about as much wood as a log cabin .
parker 's character cry and boo-hoos at loggia 's sacrifice like she was at a screen test .
loggia is about as heroic as a bored businessman .
a scientist
( phillip pine )
hams it up so much
he makes
william shatner look like a thespian .
a bus driver continually spits out end-of-the-world crap in scene after scene .
the only good actor is the film narrator ,
played by veteran character actor lawrence dobkin
( `` naked city '' )
.all of this could be overlooked
if it was not for the time-line .
after the missile 's info is sent to dc 
the pentagon ings in a group of scientist .
a general
( larry kerr )
announce
that the missile will hit new york city in 63 minute .
after this 
there are discussion by scientist
and there is a deadly lull
as word is sought from ambassador
to see
if the missile is an attack from the russian
and if a response is necessary.the film shows
the military being fully scrambled .
civil defense person leave work and go to their station .
eight million person scramble to fallout shelter
while school bus pick up million of kid
( and we get to see the whitest new york city i
have ever seen ,
though watching 50 's sci-fi film made it seems like this was the standard ) .
the press is kept in the dark for ten of minute .
then 
incredibly 
a man at the pentagon announce
that the missile will hit ottawa ,
canada in 51 minute !
all of the aforemantioned action happened in 12 minute !
then ,
to add fuel to the fire ,
loggia somehow think of a way
to stop the alien missile .
he slowly produces a caseload of plutonium ,
loads it in a jeep
and takes it from dc to a distant missile base
to put it atop a missile .
along the way 
he is knocked off the road by a wild driver 
eaks down and then is carjacked .
he finally gets the plutonium back and drives to the base
to arm the missile .
again 
all this in the same 63-minute time frame.the movie also irks the viewer
by making it seem
as if ottawa might be saved ,
only to show man 
woman and child get roasted .
the missile is then said to have five minute
to reach new york .
loggia is still driving to the base
( 4 more mile to go ) .
he gets to the base and arms the missile ,
a two-minute countdown is then announced .
all within five minute .
the borough of new york should have been at least scorched.by the way ,
the missile is destroyed
if you have not guessed .
the abm warhead destroys it with a massive plutonium-based nuclear blast .
five second later 
the blast dissipate and all is clear .
yeah 
they caused a nuclear blast
equivalent to 100 hiroshimas on the outskirt of new york city
and nothing happens.the film had all the elemants necessary
to be a good b film ,
but wasted them .
loggia played his character
so lamely you did not care
that he sacrificed himself in the end .
you did not care about the other character 
not even the smarmy scientist played by pine .
the tenion
that should have moved the film along just
was not physically possible in the time-line allowed
( it still would not be today 
not even with jack bauer )
.this film is very difficult to find .
as far as i know ,
it has not been re-issued on any medium and for good reason .
i do not know
if the film meant to be
or if it was standard practice ,
but there is a scene
where the governmant sends all of the best scientist 
military man and businessman into deep shelter ,
saying
they are too valuable to lose .
there is not a single woman or minority in the bunch .
hari rhode is the only black man in the film
and he gets a ief bit playing a piano .
it was worse than `` 27 day '' where an alien gives five earthling the chance
to either save or destroy the planet
and he does not include any black or hispanics.i saw this on a special sci-fi night on turner classic movie
and i do not expect it to show up again .
if you do find a copy of this somewhere ,
you might want to put it up on amazon.com .
