when it came out ,
this was pretty much state of the art musical film entertainment .
to this day it is more entertaining than most 
in great part because it has jame cagney in the lead role as a musical prologue producer under a succession of deadline
and sheltered from all storm by his trusty `` girl friday ''
played by joan blondell .
also the musical number towards the end
which were put together by busby berkeley
are pretty much a knock-out as far as that type of thing goes.but this is a pretty strange movie .
i mean in one of those number ,
you have got billy barty running around pretending
to be a lovable toddler ,
doing all kind of weird stuff .
ruby keeler seems to have a sickening smile plastered on her face at all time ,
but at least she is not required to act like in some of her later unfortunate film .
you would never guess
that dick powell was any kind of tough guy from seeing him in this movie ;
apparently all the tough guy energy was allocated to the star cagney .
as for cagney 
his high speed rant about musical show and so forth are endearing and annoying at the same time .
after a while
it gets a bit too much .
you expect him to walk out and say 
`` hey !
i have got a great idea for a prologue !
the woman are cigarette ,
and they come out of a pack of smoke !
oh no 
we did that one last month ! ''
it is funny
but it gets a bit repetitive .
in the moment
where he has to get tough with the bad girl 
ruth donnelly ,
some of the established cagney gangster character comes out .
in fact frequent b gangster director william keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching ,
and it seems at time
that cagney and blondell are invoking something very `` street ''
even though the character are not criminal.the musical number ...
what can you say ?
they stand alone as entertainment ,
the way
that berkeley uses the human body and geometry
is really startling .
but none of them really mean anything .
it means `` honeymoon hotel '' ,
nothing really more or less .
and the whole pretense of the integration falls apart immediately ,
since the character in the show are doing thing
that could not possibly be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie portray .
for example at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper 
thing like that .
the whole thing could only exist on film ,
so the idea
that the prologue are actually live show
is ridiculous .
i can only suppose
that audience of the time were somewhat less critical about thing like this
than they would be ten year later or so ,
because this is a very polished production.it is great to see cagney himself show off his superb dancing skill ,
and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like keeler .
cagney and blondell have excellent chemistry
and their scene go off really well .
the music i would say
is only mediocre 
but mostly pleasing if repetitive .
bacon 's direction in general is very suitable
but never interesting .
the film 's entertainment value is unquestionable
and it has also picked up some nostalgic value along the way .
it is a cut above most `` let 's put on a show '' film of the 30s .
