after 21 movie and three year of working in hollywood bette davis finally got a role
she claimed as her own
and which put her as a force
to be reckoned with .
as mildred roger 
davis burst forth with a completely unsympathetic role of a slutty waitress
who becomes the target of leslie howard 's affection ,
and already eager to sink her tooth into a role like this ,
she had no qualms of the awful thing
her character was meant to do throughout the course of the film and the awful transformation
she would undergo .
it also has been widely noted that her performance here 
one of the few thing
that makes this slightly uneven movie watchable ,
has been the one to remember even after two remake and the scene
where she rips into howard
have made cinema history.at circa 85 minute 
the story move at a nice pace ,
telling the story of philip carey
( howard )
as his life crosses that of the destructive mildred roger over and over again.howard and davis ' chemistry is all but non-existent
-- davis sustained in an interview much later in life
she personally did not care much for howard 's iciness towards her
and that helped her act even worse
( in character )
towards him as mildred .
all the same 
the two seem awkward with one another ;
their scene together remain stiff ,
only salvaged by the ferocious acidity davis ings to her line and her own nervous presence .
then again 
cromwell 's direction has a certain stiltedness about itself
that fails to come through at time
-- he tries to fill in some space
(
whenever davis is not there )
with dissolf and montage indicating the passing of time
( a calendar superimposed over a changing france dee ) .
all much in the style back then .
this was before technicality and complicated camera angle came into being ,
and in essence 
the visual story is a simplified 
bare essential translation of the somerset maugham 's novel
-- which is saying a lot ,
since at 600 page 
`` of human bondage '' would have been indeed hard to film even then.storywise ,
it feels
that philip carey may be something of a glutton for punishmant ,
since there is no discernible 
sexual attraction between he and mildred and to compound that ,
mildred never hides her displeasure from the get-go .
howard 's performance never seems to go through much external emotion
-- his eye are constantly sad ,
his expression never veer too far away from lost
( he could almost be a distant cousin to william hurt in `` the accidental tourist ''
-- dejected 
hurt ,
and absolutely passive ) ,
but this is possibly a part of his character and the reason
he fails to see
that other woman
( played by kay johnson and france dee )
are making themselves vulnerable to unrequited affection .
interestingly 
johnson 's norah ,
once she realizes carey will never fall for her ,
is the one
who sums the story up with her observation
that person are bound to other person
-- she is bound to carey as carey
is bound to mildred ,
and mildred herself is bound to miller
( or man
who fit the role of provider ) .
in her short but memorable scene 
she is the one
who holds the essence of the story 's moral .
