i read one other review
that expressed the view
that platoon was a never
ending cycle of marine killing person ,
being killed ,
taking drug and talking trash.i do not agree with that
because the film actually had more to it ,
but it a way ,
i can see what this person is trying to say :
this had no real plot -
which is a point i agree
with.it is self-indulgent stone at his best .
he really wanted to show ,
not only how war leads to death ,
but also how it is extremely traumatic on those
who survive .
unfortunately 
the film seems to over `` glorify '' this aspect and the grand finale is just way too champagne 
grand-standing ,
oscar-hunting `` let 's create an enduring image '' for my liking.the problem i
have with stone and other film-maker of his ilk is that they fail to understand this simply concept :
depicting the terribly bloody deadly waste
that war is does not prove or even reflect
on whether it was an unjust or immoral war .
we have seen the same thing emerge at the moment with iraq .
in case you are missing the point ,
let me put it to you bluntly :
if you saw
how truly bloody the second world war was and how destructive it was on the life of the surviving soldier ,
would you think
it was an unjust war ?
if that fact alone does not convince you
that it was an unjust war ,
then why should depiction of the horror of vietnam convince you
that it was wrong to go to war in that instance .
personally 
i do not support america 's decision
to go to war in vietnam ,
but i certainly do not subscribe to the `` this war is wrong
because person died and suffered '' theory .
i do not think
that motivation are always wrong by default ,
just because war in itself is terrible.this says nothing of the fact
that the ending or the final big `` twist '' was a bit stupid .
however 
this is not stone first oddball departure .
wall street was a magnificent film 
up until the last 30 minute or so
when it made a dreadful `` wrong turn . ''
jfk is probably one of the few film stone did
that actually ended very well.but
it hardly matters in this one
because there was very little plot up until that point of the film to twist around .
and this is why
i gave it such a low mark .
it was virtually story-less and ultimately boring -
unless you fell for the manufactured poignancy .
