brian yuzna is often frowned upon as a director for his trashy gore-fest ,
but the truth is that his film actually are not bad at all .
the re-animator sequel are not as great as the original ,
but are still worthy as far
as horror sequel are concerned .
return of the living dead 3 is the best of the series ;
and society is not a world away from being a surrealist horror masterpiece .
this thriller certainly is not a masterpiece ;
but it shows yuzna 's eye for horror excellently ,
and the plot move in a way
that is always thrilling and engaging .
i am really surprised
that a horror movie about dentistry did not turn up until 1996 ,
as going to the dentist is almost a primal fear -
it is running away from a tiger for the modern world .
dentistry does not frighten me ,
but surprisingly ; i would appear to be in the minority .
the plot follows perfectionist dentist dr feinstone .
he has a nice house 
a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything most person want .
however 
his life takes a turn for the worse
when he discovers his wife 's affair with the pool cleaner .
and his life is not the only one ;
as it is his patient
who feel the full unt of his anger ...
when it comes to scaring the audience ,
this movie really makes itself .
however 
credit has to go to the director
for extracting the full quota of scare from the central theme .
the fact
that he does a good job
is summed up by the fact
that i am not squeamish about going to the dentist -
yet one particular scene actually made me cover my eye !
the film follows the standard man going insane plot outline ,
only with the dentist you always get the impression
that there is more to the film
than what we are seeing .
it is not very often that a gore film can impress on a substance level -
and while this will not be winning any award ,
the parody on the upper class is nicely tied into the plot .
the acting 
while b-class 
is actually quite impressive ;
with corbin bernsen taking the lead role
and doing a good job of convincing the audience
that he really is a man on the edge .
i should thank brian yuzna for casting ken foree in the movie .
the dawn of the dead star does not get enough work ,
and i really love seeing him in film .
the rest of the cast does not massively impress ,
but all do their job well enough .
overall 
the dentist offers a refreshing change for ninety slasher movie .
the gore scene are sure to please horror fan ,
and i do not hesitate to recommend this film .
