uta hagen 's `` respect for acting '' is the standard textbook in many college theater course .
in the book 
hagen present two fundamentally different approach
to developing a character as an actor :
the presentational approach 
and the representational approach .
in the presentational approach 
the actor focuses on realizing the character as honestly as possible ,
by introducing emotional element from the actor 's own life .
in the representational approach 
the actor tries to present the effect of an emotion 
through a high degree of control of movement and sound.the representational approach to acting was still partially in vogue
when this hamlet was made .
british theater has a long history of this style of acting ,
and olivier could be said
to be the ultimate king of the representational school.time has not been kind to this school of acting 
or to this movie .
nearly every
working actor today
uses a presentational approach .
to the modern eye 
olivier 's highly enunciated 
stylized delivery is stodgy 
stiff and stilted .
instead of creating an internally conflicted hamlet ,
olivier made a declaiming 
self-important bullhorn out of the melancholy dane
-- an acting style
that would have carried well to the back of the larger london theater ,
but is far too starchy to carry off a modern hamlet.and so the movie creaks along ungainfully today .
olivier 's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of hamlet 's line unintentionally funny :
`` in-stead 
you must ac-quire and be-get a tem-purr-ance
that may give it ...
smooth-ness ! ''
instead of crying at meeting his father 's ghost
( as any proper actor could ) ,
ight fill light in olivier 's pupil give us
that impression.eileen herlie is the only other actor of note in this hamlet ,
putting in a good essay at the queen ,
despite the painfully obvious age difference
( he was 41 ;
she was 26 ) .
the other actor in this movie have no chance
to get anything else of significance done ,
given olivier 's tendency
to want to keep !
the camera !
on him !
at all !
time !
sixty year later 
you feel the insecurity of the shakespearean stage actor
who lacked the confidence
to portray a eakable 
flawed hamlet ,
and instead elected to portray a sort of elizabethan bullhorn .
final analysis :
`` i would have such a fellow whipped for o'er-doing termagant ;
it out-herods herod :
pray you ,
avoid it . ''
