the film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional japanese house complete with thatched roof
that sits on the side of a small hill and an on screen caption appears
that reads 'kushiata kyoto 
japan 1840 ' .
a young japanese trainee samurai named masanori
( toshiya maruyama )
walks up the winding path to the house ,
inside wait otami
( mako hattori )
with whom he is having an affair behind her husband 
shugoro 's
( tsuiyuki sasaki as toshiyuki sasaki )
back
who happens to be masanori 's teacher .
shugoro unexpectedly arrives home
to find his wife and student having very intimate relation with each other .
his honour destroyed the enraged samurai utally murder both otami and masanori
before committing suicide .
over a century later and ted fletcher
( edward albert )
arrives in japan on a working holiday with his wife laura
( susan george )
and their young daughter amy
( amy barrett ) .
their close friend alex curtis
( doug mcclure )
who works for the american consulate helps them out
by finding them a place to stay ,
you do not need me to you where !
he jokingly says
it is going so cheap
because it is haunted ,
to which both ted and laura laugh off
as they obviously do not believe in ghost ,
at least for the time being that is .
almost immediately the film goes into clich\u00e9 mode .
light turn on and off by themselves ,
laura has an uneasy feeling about the place and a local zen monk
( henry mitowa )
gives them an ominous warning for them
to leave
before it is too late
which they ignore 
of course .
the spirit of otami 
masanori and shugoro were doomed for eternity to remain within the wall of the house
because of a majyo witch
( tsuyako olajima )
curse put upon them .
but there may be a way
they can eak the curse ,
unfortunately for the fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage 
daughter and possibly even their very lives .
directed by kevin connor i thought
this was a pretty average film 
ok to watch once
if you have got nothing better to do
but after a day or two you will probably have completely forgotten it .
nothing stick in the memory
as being particularly bad but on the other hand
there is nothing particularly good about the film either .
the script by robert suhosky from the novel by jame hardiman is a little on the dull side and strictly by-the-number 
a lot of ghostly going on happen throughout the film
but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat character
and direction does not help thing .
there are couple of silly sequence like the giant plastic crabs
that try to get amy and her babysitter 
noriko
( mayumi umeda ) .
and there is a scene
where the zen monk exorcises the house and the ghost are banished outside unable to get back in ,
however that is until ted simply opens the door
and they just walk right back in 
some exorcism !
one more thing 
i think
it was a bad idea to have doug mcclure
who was 47
when he made this ,
try his hand at kung-fu and oriental sword fighting !
george gets her ample east out a couple of time
including a very unerotic sex scene with mcclure 
although great pain and a couple of bed sheet
that stick to them like super glue
were taken
to ensure no below
the waist nudity was present .
apart from a couple of mostly off screen decapitation
there is no blood 
gore or violence
to speak about .
the 'transparent ' ghost effect are ok
but they are not going to impress many person these day .
it is professionally enough made
and looks quite nice
but the potential in the japanese setting and myth is squandered
as this film could have been set in america 
england or any western country
without having to change a thing .
an ok time waster .
