( spoiler included )
this film surely is the best amicus production i
have seen so far
( even though i still have quite a few
to check out ) .
the house
that dripped blood
is a horror-omnibus an anthology
that contains four uncanny story
involving the tenant of a vicious 
hellish house in the british countryside .
a common mistake in production like this is wasting too much energy on the wraparound story
that connects the separate tale peter duffel 's film wisely does not pay too much attention to that .
it simply handles about a scotland yard inspector
who comes to the house
to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and like that ,
he learns about the bizarre event
that took place there before .
all four story in this film are of high quality-level and together ,
they make a perfect wholesome .
high expectation are allowed for this film ,
since it was entirely written by robert bloch !
yes 
the same bloch
who wrote the novel
that resulted in the illiant horror milestone `psycho'
we are also marking peter duffel 's solid and very professional debut as a director .
the four story \u0096 chapter
if you will \u0096 in the house
that dripped blood contain a good diversity in topic ,
but they are ( almost )
equally chilling and eerie .
number one handles about a horror-author
who comes to the house ,
along with his wife ,
in order to find inspiration for his new book .
this starts out real well 
but after a short while 
his haunted and stalked by the villain of his own imagination .
the idea in this tale is not exactly original
but it is very suspenseful
and the climax is rather surprising .
the second story star
( hammer )
horror-legend peter cushing as a retired stockoker .
still haunted by the image of an unreachable and long-lost love ,
he bumps into a wax statue
that looks exactly like her .
cushing is a joy to observe as always and \u0096
even though the topic of wax museum is not new \u0096 this story looks overall fresh and innovating .
this chapter also contains a couple of delightful shock-moment
and there is a constant tense atmosphere .
it is a terrific warm-up
for what is arguably the best story :
number 3. another legendary actor in this one ,
as christopher lee gives away a flawless portrayal of a terrified father .
he is very severe and strict regarding his young daughter
and he keeps her in isolation for the outside world .
not without reason ,
since the little girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo .
besides great
acting by lee and the remarkable performance of chloe frank as the spooky kid ,
this story also has a terrific gothic atmosphere !
the devilish undertone in this story 
along with the creepy sound effect of thunder 
make this story a must for fan of authentic horror .
the fourth and final story ,
in which a vain horror actor gets controlled by the vampire-cloak he wears ,
is slightly weaker then the other
when it comes to tension and credibility ,
but that the overload of subtle humor more or less compensate that .
there is even a little room for parody in this story
as the protagonist refer to co-star christopher lee in the dracula series !
most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the gorgeous ingrid pitt !
the cult-queen from `the vampire lover ' certainly is one of the many highlight in the film her cleavage in particular .
no doubt about it the house
that dripped blood will be greatly appreciated by classic horror fan .
i truly believe
that 
with a bit of mood-settling preparation 
this could actually be one of the few movie
that 'll terrify you and leave a big impression .
intelligent and compelling horror like it should be !
highly recommended .
one extra little remark 
though :
this film may not repeat may not under any circumstance be confused with `the dorm
that dripped blood ' .
this latter one is a very irritating and lousy underground 80 's slasher
that has got nothing in common with this film ,
except for the title it stole .
