i give this film it is props
that it is very well made and reasonably well acted .
but i could not get past the implausibility of the whole thing.first and foremost 
a game
built around the notion of `` russian roulette ''
that has to fill on hour .
the big problem is that
if you are doing a `` live '' show ,
you run the possibility
that your first contestant will be the one unlucky enough
to draw the `` real '' bullet .
then what do you do ?
you have 50 minute of show
to fill and nothing to show .
the corollary is that okay 
you get to the end and the first five contestant survive ,
which means number six has the bullet
and can not possibly get the payout .
he is not going to shoot himself at that point ,
so it is kind of anti-climatic .
second problem 
almost as big .
human nature .
person are going to flinch 
panic ,
soil their underwear and do thing
that would otherwise not make very good television .
too much randomness .
that is why `` real '' reality television is actually tightly scripted and even more tightly edited .
( the only random thing is the `` performance artist 's '' rant about female sacrifice ,
which were actually rare historically .
even that was predictable ,
since she went through with shooting herself to no effect . )
we are led to believe
the show rating would increase
while it was going on at 1 am in the morning
( unlikely )
with the token asian girl announcing each boost in rating.a point on race and sex .
big surprise the movie two minority
( one gay )
and two female contestant are the one
who survive .
so we are left with the two white male ,
and of course ,
the slightly less likable of them is the one
who buys it .
the purpose of such a show would be it is randomness ,
but the guy you like the least is the guy
who dies.the climax
is that
after spending two hour fighting for televised suicide ,
the eva mende character
( mende produced and starred in this thing ,
so she has no one to blame but herself )
actually grows a conscience
when someone dies .
what did
she think was going to happen ?
she is promptly shot by a bystander angry about the whole thing
( motive never explained )
and the show went on to be a big hit .
really ?
the problem with medium satire is that it has to either have some grounding in reality
or it has to be so over the top to be ludicrous
( like network ) .
this is neither .
