a few year ago 
a friend got from one of his other friend a video with the michael mann film 'heat ' on it .
after we finished that movie ,
and were about to stand up ,
we saw
that there is another film just after ,
tough on the cassette 's envelope the owner did not write it up .
yet we were all glued back to our seat by its distinct opening ,
which lacked credits.some two hour later ,
i just sat there wondering :
how could i not have heard of this masterpiece before ?
... this film was europa .
lar von trier woke film noir from the dead ,
deconstructed reality with intentionally obvious set ,
yet often there was haunting similarity with post-war german photographs i saw .
and then the tricky cut ! the story itself is a hard-to-take moral odyssey
that has no happy end .
a young american pacifist of german descent comes to post-war germany ,
intent on doing some good to pay for the bomb his countryman dropped .
but he mostly meets distrust and self-destructive defiance .
he hires with zentropa 
a dining-and-sleeping-car company
( modeled on mitropa ) ,
whose owner is one of the nazi collaborator the occupier whitewash .
our hero falls in love with his daughter -
who later turns out to be a member of the werewolf 
nazi post-war terrorist .
when he does not understand the world
( or just europeans )
anymore 
in his rage he blows up a railroad idge under a train
which he just saved.as a final note 
for historical correctness :
in the real world 
the werewolf were nowhere as important as the film imply ,
they were mostly a final nazi propaganda coup .
after an ss unit assassinated the major of allied-occupied aachen 
two month before the capitulation 
the nazis announced the creation of whole legion of saboteur and terrorist
who will be ready to fight behind the line 
the werewolf .
but only a few hundred of mostly hitler youth received some training ,
and while two or three time some were deployed to murder suspected communist or forced-labourer foreigner in bavarian village to imprint lasting fear on inhabitant 
with hitler 's death and the war 's end
it all fell apart.however ,
the werewolf propaganda had a profound effect on the occupier .
they feared the werewolf everywhere ,
suspected it behind any serious accident -
but
without exception another cause was found later
( ignored by some recent pseudo-historian ) .
for example 
when a gas main exploded in the police hq of bombed-out breman ,
or when the soviet military commander died in a motorbike accident in berlin .
the effect was strongest on the soviet ,
who arrested ten of thousand
( in large part child ! )
'preemptively ' on suspicion of being werewolf ,
and closed them off in prison camp
where a lot of them died .
