return to the 36th chamber is one of those classic kung-fu movie
which shaw produces back in the 70s and 80s ,
whose genre is equivalent to the spaghettus western of hollywood 
and the protagonist gordon liu 
the counterpart to the western 's clint eastwood .
digitally remastered and a new print made for the fantastic film fest ,
this is `` presented in shaw scope '' ,
just like the good old days.this film is a simple story of good versus evil ,
told in 3 act ,
which more or less sum up the narrative of martial art film
in that era.act one sets up the premise .
worker in a dye-mill of a small village are unhappy with their lot ,
having their wage cut by 20 % by incoming manchu gangster .
they can not do much about their exploitation
because none of them are martial art skilled
to take on the gangster 
and their boss .
at first they had a minor success
in getting liu to impersonate a highly skilled shaolin monk
( one of the best comedy sequence ) ,
but their rouse got exposed
when they pushed the limit of credibility by impersonating one too
many times.act two shows the protagonist wanting
to get back at the mob .
however ,
without real martial art ,
he embarks on a journey to shaolin temple ,
to try and infiltrate
and learn martial art on the sly .
after some slapstick moment 
he finally gets accepted by the abbot
( whom he impersonated ! )
but is disappointed at the teaching method - kinda like mr miyagi 's style in karate kid 
but instead of painting fence ,
he gets to erect scaffolding all around the temple .
nothing can keep a good man down ,
and he unwittingly builds strength ,
endurance and learns kung-fu the unorthodox way.act three is where the fight fest begin .
with cheesy sound effect 
each obvious non-contact on film is given the maximum impact treatment .
but it is rather refreshing watching the fight scene here ,
with its wide angled shot to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partner ,
and the use of slow-motion only to showcase stunt in different angle .
you may find the speed of fight a tad too slow 
with some pause in between move ,
but with yuen wo ping and his style
being used ad-nausem in hollywood flick ,
they sure
do not make fight scene
like they used to !
return to the 36th chamber gets a repeat screening on monday 
so ,
if you are game for a nostalgic trip down memory lane ,
what are you waiting for ?
