monster - he was great ;
i loved the special-effect
which created this monster
which looked like an updated version of `` the creature from the black lagoon . ''
the scene with this beast roaming the land and capturing person ranged from good to jaw-dropping.social commentary :
much of the story takes place in the quarantine area as the doctor
( under order from the government )
state
that sars-like disease is out there .
in a nutshell 
we get the familiar government cover-up story .
you know ,
i expect this liberal paranoid mindset with hollywood film always painting our government as corrupt ,
but it looks like the korean are copying the format ,
and it is very tedious .
in here 
it takes away from the excitement and suspense of this `` monster . ''
it just drags the film down .
the main family featured in the film has to watch from a distance
while the young girl in their family 
presumed dead 
was hauled off by the creature.moral :
a typical `` do not pollute the water '' message
because this is what can happen
- a horrible mutated monster .
this used to be the anti-nuclear bomb message from the 1950
when radiation caused giant ant 
spider 
fish or whatever in those schlocky sci-fi film .
now its `` environmental issue ''
that are the focus.the humor this
was mostly stupid .
i normally laugh at slapstick
but this was not funny .
i do not know
if the korean sense of humor is that pitiful 
or the film was purposely trying to be ultra-corny with a take on the old `` godzilla '' movie .
let 's hope
it is the latter.transfer -
the video transfer was good .
this was a sharp-looking picture
and sound was decent with a lot rear-speaker crowd noise .
i watched this in korean with the english subtitle .
that might have been a mistake
as the korean guttural voice sound got annoying
after a half hour.overall - this had a promise
but turned out to be a big letdown and even boring in too many spot ,
which is inexcusable for a modern-day monster film .
two hour was way too long for this story .
how this film drew record crowds in korea i do not know .
they must not have much in the way of film
to enjoy and support .
