save the $ 8.97 you will spend at walmart
to buy this dvd
and go see the real film by steven spielberg.i am a filmmaker ,
and being an avid fan of h.g .
well 
i had to buy this hoping
to sit down
and watch three hour of good entertainment .
instead 
it took four day
to finish watching this
because i could not stand watching more than 10 minute at a time .
it is horrible.there are report
that timothy hine had a $ 20 million budget for this production .
where the heck did it go ?
did he use most of it to buy a new house ?
finance his retirement ?
or what ?
let me start with what is actually good about this film .
it does stay true to the book
and there are a few good performance in it .
i can respect the actor
who obviously tried to make this a good film .
but good performance were quickly overshadowed by horrible ...
and i do mean horrible special effect .
any freshman film school student could have done a much better job with the cgi .
to me ,
most of it looked like `` stop action '' card board cutouts
that were used rather than sophisticated cgi software
that a $ 20 million project should be using.there
is no excuse for the amateur post production
that was applied to this film .
my own partner and i sat down and recreated our version of the ferry scene
using software
that cost less than $ 1500.00 and within a day
had five minute of scene
that looked better and more realistic than what hine created .
i have seen film with budget of less than $ 2 million look better .
much better.in my opinion the special effect
used in the original king kong
were more sophisticated and better than hine ' special effect in this film .
in fact 
i have a much better appreciation for attack of the killer tomato
because of this film .
there is no excuse with today 's technology for a film
to look like a 50 's b-movie
unless
that was the intention ,
which should not have been with this particular project.a problem i
had with the dvd transfer was
that the film is jerky 
another demonstration of amateur film-making.overall 
i have to say
that i produced a $ 45,000 project in 2003
that have better cinematography and special effect
than this film.i strongly encourage anyone
who appreciates good film-making
or who is a fan of wotw
to leave this film on the shelf and watch attack of the 50 foot woman instead .
it would be easier on the eye .
