i discovered this film
after reading the book
that inspired it .
it is not a strictly biographical film ;
it is `` loosely based '' on the fact .
but i found it a compelling and eerie exploration of evil and madness ,
and michel serrault gives an unforgettable performance
as dr. petiot.there are many memorable image in this movie ;
petiot traveling through the night like a vampire ,
his black cloak flapping behind him ,
is almost iconic .
there are also several touch of expressionism - petiot 's crooked silhouette mounting the stair leading from the cellar
where the butchered remain of his victim await cremation 
reminds me of some scene from 'nosferatu'.but i found the primary appeal of this movie
to be aural .
the soundtrack is loaded with ominous sound ,
starting with the foreboding music of the opening credit ,
accompanied by wordless wailing .
petiot life and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shop ,
and there is a persistent background noise of knife
being sharpened somewhere ,
as well as a peddler
playing eerie tune on a saw .
there are animal noise
as well - the concierge keeps a goat 
unseen cat howl - and later in the film
we see hapless cattle
being herded through an underpass .
the whole atmosphere is unsettling 
with overtone of violence and slaughter.not only animal ,
but human voice are often heard - the screams of gestapo victim 
petiot 's patient in his waiting room ,
monitored by a listening device ,
just the same as the suspected collaborator
after the war are monitored in their cell .
even the action of the film is often arranged so
that we hear the voice of the participant
without seeing them -
when petiot goes to see mme kern ,
we hear her singing
as she works ,
her voice echoing in the theater ,
before we ever see her .
and even when she does appear ,
she is often filmed from behind ,
her voice calling out to her husband ,
whose voice calls out to her in conversation .
disembodied voice echo in large hall 
and their owner ,
when seen at all ,
are photographed at a distance ,
so we can not actually see them speaking .
this is a ghost story ,
and these are the voice of ghost -
many of them petiot 's future victim.yet petiot himself is often only a voice ;
his frightening laughter echo
as he retreats from the camera ,
throwing commant behind him or into the air to nobody .
in a way 
he is as much a ghost
as those he murders .
he is always frantically busy 
scurrying from appointmant to appointmant 
never at rest .
but his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable .
it is interesting that among all the horror and danger of occupied paris 
petiot alone is unafraid ;
he is amused 
enthusiastic 
angry 
irritated 
contemptuous ,
but never afraid ,
unlike those real person he lures to their death .
it is no surprise
that he boasts of his mechanical invention ,
including a perpetual motion machine
( a true detail from the book -
he did claim to have invented many machine ) ;
he is a sort of perpetual motion machine himself .
and mechanical imagery is everywhere in the film 
from the opening giant wheel in the movie house 
to petiot 's bicycle
( with its squeaking wheel echoing the sound of sharpening knife ) ,
to the victrola he keeps winding up to play music
before he makes a kill .
even his routine with his victim is mechanical - write a note
to your wife ,
let me disguise you
before you leave ,
you need a vaccination 
barcelona 
casablanca 
dakar - like a well-oiled machine ,
the routine is always the same ,
just as the record is always the same.maeder 
the author 
says
that it was the clockwork perfection of his crime
that weighed so heavily against petiot at his trial .
his system was as smooth and efficient as a nazi concentration camp ,
and this may be why the movie invents a subplot of petiot 's involvemant with the french gestapo and the occupying nazis .
unfortunately 
it does not quite work as part of the story ,
because it is very hard to figure out
just what petiot is doing for the collaborator ,
or what is going on
when he ends up at their headquarters in the middle of the night .
disposing of body ?
hiding stolen good ?
it is hard to say ,
and harder to believe ;
it is not likely the state would turn to a freelancer like petiot.but
it does remind us of the duality of evil person ;
petiot is a robber and a murderer ,
but he is also a devoted father and husband .
just as we learned
that hitler loved dog ,
and that nazis guilty of the worst war crime could also be loving father and family man ,
so we have to recognize
that petiot could commit unspeakable horror
and yet also function normally .
his insanity is easily camouflaged by the insanity and horror of the wartime situation in paris ;
when killing 
robbing and disappearing are happening all around ,
nobody pays attention as petiot toss more corpse on the pile .
