french production
in which leading film director from 11 country
were invited to create 11-minute short film conveying their reflection on the event of september 11.the film segmant vary
widely in content and quality .
two allude to u.s. complicity in terrorist act
( in chile against allende ,
who died on september 11 
1973 ,
depicted in the segmant by british director ken loach ;
and in palestine by u.s.-backed israelis 
shown in the segmant from egyptian director youssef chahine ) .
two more recall other destructive act
( a palestinian suicide bombing in tel aviv ,
shot by israeli director amos gitan ;
the japanese `` holy war '' against the west in ww ii 
by shohei imamura )
.ironies abound in several story .
shadow
that darken the new york city apartmant of a grieving old man suddenly disappear
as the world trade tower telescope to the ground in sean penn 's piece 
inging the man momantary joy .
but in this ight light he can finally see
that his wife is really gone .
in mira nair 's film ,
based on a real incident 
a missing young man ,
also in new york city 
the son of a pakistani family 
is first presumed to be a fugitive terrorist ,
but later he proves to a hero
who sacrificed himself
trying to save other in the tower.there
are poignant momant dotted throughout .
loach has his exiled chilean man quote st. augustine 
to the effect
that hope is built of anger and courage :
anger at the way thing are ,
courage to change them .
imamura tell us
that there is no such thing as a holy war .
samira makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young afghan schoolchild 
exiled in iran ,
trying to tell them about the event
that have just transpired in new york .
but they are understandably more impressed with a major event in their refugee camp ,
where two man have fallen into a deep well 
one killed 
the other sustaining a oken leg .
this is comprehensible tragedy on a grand scale for the 6 year old .
idrissa ouedraogo 
from burkina faso 
creates a drama
in which the son of an ailing woman spot osama bin laden in their village and gather his buddy to help capture the fugitive terrorist ,
in order to get the $ 25 million u. s. reward .
he tell his friend not to let any of the adult know their plan ,
for the older folk would merely waste the money on car and cigarette ,
while he plan to help his mother and other
who are sick and destitute.it
is mexican director alejandro gonzalez inarritu
( maker of `` amore perros '' )
who provides by far the most powerful and chilling segmant 
one
that 
for the most part 
shows only a darkened screen with audio tape loop of chanting and voice and occasional thudding sound .
brief visual flash gradually permit us to see body falling from the high floor of the tower ,
and it dawns on us
that the thud are these body
hitting the ground .
the sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music and a still shot ,
bearing a phrase first shown only in arabic ,
then with a translation added :
`` does god 's light guide us or blind us ? ''
( in various language with english subtitle )
grade :
8/10
( b+ ) .
( seen on 10/31/04 ) .
if you would like to read more of my review ,
send me a message for direction to my website .
