prolific and highly influential filmmaker martin scorsese examines a selection of his favorite american film grouped
according to three different type of director :
the director as an illusionist :
d.w. griffith or f. w. murnau ,
who created new editing technique among other change
that made the appearance of sound and color later step forward ;
the director as a smuggler :
filmmaker such as dougla sirk 
samuel fuller 
and mostly vincente minnelli 
director
who used to disguise rebellious message in their film ;
and the director as iconoclast :
those filmmaker attacking civil observation and social hang-up like orson welle 
erich von stroheim 
charle chaplin 
nicholas ray 
stanley kuick ,
and arthur penn.he shows us
how the old studio system in hollywood was 
though oppressive 
the way
in which film director found themselves progressing the medium
because of how they were bound by political and financial limitation .
during his clip from the movie he shows us ,
we not only discover film
we have never seen
before that pique our interest but we also are made to see what he sees .
he evaluate his stylistic sensibility along with the director of the sequence themselves.the idea of a film canon has been reputed as snobbish ,
hence some movie fan and critic favor to just make `` list . ''
however 
canon merely denotes `` the best '' and supporter of film canon argue
that it is a valuable activity
to identify and experience a select compilation of the `` best '' film 
a lot like a greatest hit tape ,
if just as a beginning direction for film student .
all in all 
one 's experience has shown
that all writing about film ,
including review 
function
to construct a film canon .
some film canon can definitely be elitist ,
but other can be `` populist . ''
as an example 
the internet movie database 's top 250 movie list includes many film included on several `` elitist '' film canon
but also features recent hollywood blockbuster at which many film `` elitist '' scoff 
like the dark knight ,
which presently mingles in the top ten amidst the first two godfather film ,
schindler 's list and one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ,
and the fluctuation of similar production further down such as iron man 
sin city 
die hard 
the terminator and kill bill :
vol .
2. writer scorsese 's taxi driver paul schrader has straightforwardly referred to his canon as `` elitist '' and contends
that this is positive.scorsese is never particularly vocal at all about his social and political ideology ,
but
when we see this intense and admittedly obsessive history lesson on the birth and growth of american cinema in both ideological realms ,
we see
that there is really no particular virtue in either elitism or populism .
elitism concentrates all attention 
recognition and thus power on those deemed outstanding .
that discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence much in the vein of the condescending work of jean-luc godard or the overrationalization of the production practice of a filmmaker like michael haneke .
yet populism invokes a belief of representative freedom
as being only the assertion of the person 's will .
as has been previously asserted about the all-encompassing misconception
the person have about cinema ,
populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema .
one can only continue seeing film ,
because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice .
and that is what martin scorsese spend nearly four hour here
trying
to tell us ,
something
which can not be told
without being seen first-hand .
