`` fox '' is a serious look at the consequence of growing up too fast in the 1980s .
and unlike the teen sex comedy
that overshadowed it
( porky 's 
fast time at ridgement high ) ,
the movie holds up well against time.it theme of teen angst is as relevant today
as it was 25 year ago and jodie foster and sk8er boi scott baio
( remember him ? )
lead a fine young cast
that is well worth watching.the film
follows four southern california girl
as they move through a rootless existence of sex and drug and devoid of parent .
the teen spend their day in and out of school and their night at party 
concert 
or out on the street .
seldom are they home
because instant gratification is a pill 
party 
or boy away.but rather than condemning them ,
the film is sympathetic 
blaming absent 
uncaring adult
for forcing the teen to grow up alone .
and the charismatic cast is impossible to dislike.the film 's opening \u0096 a long and loving pan - sets the tone for what follows .
we see the girl asleep at dayeak amid the object
that define teen girlhood 
from twinky to a picture of a young john travola ,
while donna summer 's `` on the radio '' is scored beneath.from
there the movie picks up speed
as the girl head off to school and to life .
annie
( runaway rocker cherie currie )
is the wild child
who lives for the next party or pill .
deirdre
( kandice stroh )
is the boy crazy drama queen .
madge
( marlilyn stroh )
is the shy girl in over her head .
and foster is the one with the plan .
it is her job
to keep this crew together long enough
to finish high school
while also holding her divorced and desperate man hunting mother in line
( sally kellerman )
.it is an almost impossible job and one
that foster ultimately fails at.despite its age 
`` fox '' remains a pleasure to watch .
dated hair 
clothe ,
and reference to olympic skater dorothy hamill have not hurt
the movie.the cinematography is simply stunning 
with eathtaking filtered shot of the l.a. basin at dawn 
dusk and at night .
giorgio moroder adds a 80s soundtrack
featuring the like of donna summer
and janis ian.perhaps the movie 's biggest disappointment is that the young star around foster never oke out like the cast of `` st. elmo 's fire ''
( 1985 )
or `` empire record ''
( 1995 ) .
`` fox '' show why
they should have .
but perhaps like bowling for soup 's song `` 1985 
''
they just hit a wall .
