as with all environmentally aware film from the 1970s soylent green has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is .
overpopulation means there`s too many person to feed ?
i was under the impression
that famine were caused by either war or failed economic policy .
stalin`s policy in the soviet union in the 1930s left million dead
because of famine and to this day the greatest man
made tragedy was mao`s rural policy in china
which led over 30 million starvation death in the 1950s .
and let`s not forget the great famine in the horn of africa in the 1980s and 90s
which were to do with conflict not overpopulation .
you might like to also consider
that two of the most heavily populated area on earth 
hong kong and macau 
have never suffered a famine in modern time .
likewise the expansion of shanty town around city
as seen here isn`t strictly down to overpopulation - it`s down to economic factor
where person flock to city to find better paid work than in the countryside
( it`s a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many birth )
so the image of the street of new york city being too congested
to walk through
and of having person sleep in stairwell is somewhat laughablebut don`t be fooled into thinking soylent green is a pile of corny tree hugging crap
because i consider this to be the best ecological film of the70 .
it plays on the contempary audience`s knowledge of the world
where sol and thorn are beside themselves with joy at finding fruit 
andy and fresh meat .
thorn gasps in amazement at having ice in his whisky 
puff on a cigarette and delivers the classic line
`` if i could afford it i`d smoke two 
maybe three of these a day `` .
but it`s the visage of the euthanasia chamber that`s memorable as thorn gaze at the image of wild animal 
flower 
running water and snow covered mountain ,
a world thorn`s generation has never known .
this is a very haunting scene
which makes soylent green a very memorable film ,
combined with the fact
it features the final screen appearance of edward g robinson as the wise old jew sol roth
