really 
the use of stock nature documentary of swarming bat
employed by the bat person
is some of the most effective ever .
there are shot of teeming bat hanging from the ceiling of cave ,
swarming bat flying out of cave or swirling about near the mouth of cave .
that alone is enough to be unsettling :
imagine all of them swarming after you ?
and they do indeed swarm in what should have been a show-stopper sequence
that happened at about the forty minute mark 
a downright inappropriately hilarious sequence
where a teeming swarm of bat seem to attack a police car ,
splattering across the windshield like bloody oken egg .
the problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minute too late
to save the film ,
most of which consists of one or more person
running around 
screaming ,
waving their arm about at jabbering excitedly about some poor goofball
who managed to get bitten by a bat during his vacation.the fear
is that he is coming down with rabies ,
which does indeed suck ,
so their vacation is ruined ,
as the plot synopsis on the top of the bat person 's reference page does indeed point out .
so here is an effective summary of the movie :
a young couple goes on a romantic getaway
which is ruined
when the guy is bitten by a bat .
they avely try to stick it out
but he starts raving ,
trying to convince those around him
that it is a bit more involved than rabies ,
that he can not control himself ,
and they everyone should keep away.now ,
when some one is frothing at the mouth ,
covered with sweat 
eye boggling about like one of the cheaper muppet
and screaming at you to get away from me ,
you get away from him .
you do not try to give him drug ,
you do not try to tell him you love him ,
you give the guy his space 
go home ,
and try
that scenic getaway next year.but no 
the person in this movie all behave like moron 
insist on pushing the guy to his ink ,
and he flips out 
mutates into a part man part bat type creature 
and kills a bunch of non-essential secondary character .
nothing wrong with that ,
but the movie forgets
that it is a low budget creature feature
and try to be some sort of psychological study .
instead of a monster movie ,
we get lot of person
running around
trying to get this guy
to take a chill pill ,
and eventually he runs off into the hill
looking very much more human
than he should have ,
person insist on trying to chase him down
and pay the expected price.the main thing wrong with the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minute 
thirty top ,
and the movie should have been about the guy
after he had turned into a bat person 
rather than about the journey there .
it takes a good eighty minute
to really pick up steam on that front 
with some interesting character sketch along the way
involving the always entertaining michael pataki as a small town cop
who 's lost his moral edge 
and the late paul carr as a physician friend
who does not quite get the message.the movie
is dreadfully boring 
about fifteen minute too long
and missed the opportunity
to be a nice ,
forgettable little creature feature about a mutant run amok like the italian horror favorite ratman ,
which i watched today
and was sadly inspired to try this one after seeing .
me and my ight idea ,
though the scene with the cop car was a howler :
too bad we could not have had another twenty minute of that.3/10
