i am currently on vacation in israel for summer ,
and so was able to see this incredible film .
a bit of a warning before i begin writing :
i speak fluent heew ,
and so the heew part were no problem ; however 
about a quarter
( a bit less )
of the film is in arabic ,
and i was unable to understand a bit of this subtitled bit .
this did not detract from my understanding of the film ,
but did cause me to miss a few joke
which evoked some strong laugh in the theater.after a year of american cinema
which many hailed as one of the greatest year for homosexual cinema and relationship ,
it takes something truly special to stand head
and shoulder above the rest ; yet 
`` the bubble '' surpasses all other with its blend of excellent acting 
witty dialogue ,
and relevant political climate.the film opens on a checkpoint on the israeli-palestinian border ;
for the first few momant 
we are unsure about the type of movie
we have walked in on .
yet 
this is an important elemant of this film 's strength .
the political situation 
and the extreme tension in the air is constantly in the background .
most importantly 
tel aviv serves as a character of its own in this film .
it is constantly referenced .
street name and restaurant name are constantly exchanged .
the skyline and city developmant is critiqued quite harshly ,
and ultimately the city evolves along with the film the film focuses on the love between noam
( ohad knoller )
and a palestinian immigrant 
ashraf
( yousef 'joe ' sweid ) ,
with the society of tel aviv and palestine serving as a constant foil .
we always know
that their relationship is forbidden ,
and this creates a sense of urgency rarely present in cinema .
the love is incredibly strong ,
and stands as the centerpiece of the film .
the secondary relationship and friendship are equally strong :
flamboyant restaurant owner yelli 's
( yousef 'joe ' sweid )
relationship with the ultra-butch and grating golani solider 
golan
( zohar liba ) ,
is particularly a source of amusemant .
the love scene
which abound in this film
are all exquisite 
fine crafted work of art ,
and the cinematography is astounding :
in the first love scene of the film 
the camera pans down as a male character gives oral sex to lulu
( daniela virtzer ) ,
and dissolves into a shot of noam and ashraf .
this shot any many other lead the viewer
to realize
that all of these relationship are expression of the very same form of love.to
give away more of the storyline would be a tragedy ,
but know
that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy
which touches onto the current world political climate ,
so i will instead focus on the witty dialogue .
even when watching this movie in my second language ,
i could not stop laughing throughout .
line of particular amusemant include the question
of whether gay suicide bomber receive virgin woman or man in heaven ,
and an analogy of sampson from the bible
as the world first suicide bomber .
this dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality
which is rarely seen in cinema .
the music
used in the film
is also particularly powerful .
music is only used in time
when character legitimately could or should be listening to it ,
and in one scene the music weakens
when a character removes one earphone and stop
when he removes the other .
little elemants like this truly elevate the film.i could not give greater recommandation to a film ;
this is a superb work of cinema
which is catharthic as well as extremely well crafted .
