this one is considered a key pre-code film \u0096 from the director
who later made the musical biopic the jolson story
( 1946 ) ,
but also the paranoid sci-fi invasion u.s.a.
( 1952 ) !
\u0096 and features one of barbara stanwyck 's best early roles.she is supported by a fine cast
which includes popular actor and valued character performer of the day \u0096 george brent 
douglass dumille 
edward van sloan 
nat pendleton and john wayne
( at one point
addressing stanwyck with the titular nickname ,
derived from a popular song
which is heard constantly throughout )
in the former category and 
in the latter 
robert barrat
( as stanwyck 's father ) ,
donald cook
( as her most tragic conquest ) ,
alphonse ethier
( as her elderly mentor \u0096 more on this later ) ,
arthur hohl
( as a lecherous politician )
and henry kolker
( as cook 's boss and father-in-law ,
whom stanwyck also seduces ) .
curiously 
scene
in which walter brennan appeared were subsequently deleted at his own request
when the film ran into trouble with the censor ! abetted by crackling i.e .
typically hard-boiled dialogue and realistic anton grot set ,
the narrative contain unexpected overtone of nietzschean philosophy
fed to our small-town heroine by the intellectual ethier
( stanwyck complain to him early on
that she is no `` ball of fire ''
which 
of course 
contradicts her later comedy \u0096
directed by howard hawks and co-starring gary cooper \u0096 of that name ! ) .
under ethier 's auspice 
she quickly blooms into an essentially heartless character determined
that nothing shall stand in her path to success ;
the symbolic depiction of her rise in stature at the new york firm she is eventually employed with is reminiscent of a similarly sardonic one \u0096
relating to an ambitious statesman 's lust for power \u0096 in sergei eisenstein 's october
( 1927 ) !
sociologically 
it is also interesting that stanwyck is constantly seen sticking her neck out for her black maid/companion.the first two-third of the film are simply terrific ;
at first 
i found the latter stage somewhat disappointing \u0096
because i was expecting to see stanwyck get her comeuppance by falling for the belatedly-introduced george brent character
while he ignores her but 
just like the other 
he is soon under her spell !
on second viewing 
however 
this aspect felt less jarring \u0096
as it is evident
that stanwyck has been affected by the two death her selfish behavior has caused ,
and that her tenure in paris has softened her
( even if she tries to cling to her hard-earned wealth for as long
as it is possible )
.released on dvd by warner as part of their forbidden hollywood volume 1 collection ,
the film is presented in two strikingly different edit \u0096 a recently unearthed pre-release version and the tamer theatrical release print .
among the considerable footage cut from the latter is dialogue pertaining to stanwyck 's life as a tramp from the age of 14
( though it is heard in the accompanying trailer !
) ,
while many other scene have been shortened
( i.e .
censored for content ) :
the violent fisticuff
which develops between stanwyck and hohl
after she resists his advance ;
the seduction at the railroad car ; the scene
in which dumille is surprised with stanwyck by cook ;
the shooting ,
followed by a suicide
( only shot are heard in the shorter version ) ;
stanwyck thinking about her conquest
while the phonograph is playing
( again ,
only brent appears in the version released to theater ) 
etc .
tha latter 
then 
utilizes alternate takes for some scene \u0096
and includes an establishing shot of the city
which is missing from the longer version ;
however ,
we also get an obviously tacked-on happy ending
( the pre-release version concludes auptly on a very effective open-ended note )
and an equally unconvincing cautionary letter
sent by ethier to stanwyck in new york
which 
basically 
has the function
of substituting all reference to nietzsche !
