i recently watched the first guinea pig film ,
the devil 's experiment ,
and i must admit to being disappointed.this film is invariably included in any list of the `` nastiest '' film
and maybe i was expecting more
because of the hype .
the truth is though ,
i do not rate it.if i would been watching it believing the opening text
to be true
( `` i found this tape ... '' ) ,
i might have been a bit disturbed by it ,
thinking
it was real .
even without the benefit of knowing it not to be real though ,
i think
i would have worked out
that it indeed was not.throughout the film ,
the girl 's reaction to what is being done to her just are not what they should be .
she should be screaming like a banshee in pain .
the fact
that she is
not means that it is obviously not real .
i would not want to watch it
if it were real
but
if she were to be more convincing in her acting ,
the film would be more disturbing.and
then there are the notorious scene :
nothing affected me at all up until the scalpel in the hand .
the hot oil 
maggot and innard just did not bother me .
i am not saying i am `` hard '' ;
just that i was not able to suspend my disbelief ,
partly because of the girl 's inaction.the scalpel made me wince a little but the hammer to the hand just made the hand look rubber .
and the final scene with the eye was again a little wincing but nothing more .
i did not want to look away
and neither did i feel nauseous.perhaps
it is because the film is twenty-odd year old 
or perhaps i am just jaded .
the truth is ,
i did not find this film
at all disturbing.it is the kind of thing
you might expect to see playing on a loop as a modern art installation
and as an exercise
in stripping away character 
story etc .
and just leaving the torture ,
it works on some level .
as a disturbing piece of film though 
it did not work for me at least.i watched guinea pig with my wife ,
who is of the `` it is just a film '' bent
and she wondered what all the fuss was about .
we got to discussing
why i watch these film and my reason are many but include a desire
to be affected by a film .
she said
that she did not think
any film could be so convincing as to disturb her and challenged me
to do exactly that .
i played her the fire extinguisher scene from irreversible
and she was indeed disturbed.i
am not sure i have a point ,
other than that both of us were more disturbed by a scene in a non-horror genre film than any film thus far
which sets out to disturb .
