the often misunderstood zaiskie point is antonioni 's political film 
antonioni 's american film .
stylistically 
it follows suit after `` blow-up '' ,
meaning
that the pace is faster than the previous epic ,
though certainly no less idiosyncratic.basically the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation .
not so.the two protagonist come from vastly different environment .
mark from the `` rebel '' youth ,
daria from an estate agency corporation .
but in true antonioni fashion 
they are both alienated ,
both trying to escape their surrounding .
mark leaves a meeting of rebel student and black panther disappointed with the verbose empty rhetoric ,
while daria keep uneasily being on the move with her car.antionioni 
the master director ,
after portraying the rebelling youth as confused and shallow ,
then moves to the city .
an environment saturated by corporatism 
billboard advertisement 
meaninglessness ,
that has to keep expanding
to accommodate the similar expansion of the population ,
generating a profit at the same time .
it is this environment
that the two protagonist escape from ,
though it seems mostly out of coincidence.indeed ,
when daria stop by a small village in the outskirt of the desert ,
the environment is just as suffocating ,
and the person just as lost case 
best exemplified by an old boxing champion ,
now reduced to a shadow of himself ,
sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense .
a stunning melancholy sequence 
made even more powerful with the inclusion of some half wild child
living around ,
ought in by some `` benefactor ''
but `` destroying a genuine piece of american history '' .
in a not-so-obscure symbolism 
there is antonioni 's opinion on the hippie .
just a half-positive glimpse in the canvas of human alienation.and
then there is the desert ,
the landscape used to devastating effect ,
by turns pure and terrifying 
primeval 
wild and dead .
the sequence
where the two protagonist make love ,
`` joined '' in fantasy by the `` flower '' generation reflects the similar sequence in `` red desert '' ,
where giuliana tells her son a story .
it is a colourful intermission in a colourless landscape .
a vivid half-fantasy in a suffocating reality.the ending probably belong to the pantheon of great ending in cinema ,
the western civilization blown to piece .
a catharsis 
an exorcism.antionioni 's two `` international '' film
( the british `` blow-up '' and the american `` zaiskie point '' )
are lesser effort than the previous masterpiece ,
but that is largely because of the faster pace and the inevitably contrived setting
( swinging london 
flower-power america ) .
but when it comes down to it ,
it is clear
he has not lost the edge .
