nicola roeg 's project are variable to say the least ,
but are never less than interesting .
`` insignificance '' is obviously 
first and foremost 
an adapted stageplay :
it is wordy and pretty-much 'room-bound ' .
but 
it pays to view this film more than once :
the underlying theme are not overtly presented
and 
what is more ,
it takes a while to adjust to the juxtaposition and role-reversal of the four protagonist :
einstein 
mccarthy 
munroe 
and dimaggio .
einstein is wracked by guilt over hiroshima yet fancies the simplicity of a sexual liaison with munro ;
munro is sick of being seen as a bimbo and crave intellectual credence ;
senator mccarthy is at the height of his witch-hunting power
but is an impotent sleazebag ;
dimaggio is insecure about his celeity 
self-obsessed 
and prone to violence .
each of them contains the seed of their own destruction .
each character has a troubled 
abused/abusive past and a questionable future .
gradually 
we see
that obsession itself is the central theme .
america 's obsession with its postwar cultural icon and more ;
the obsession of the protagonist for something none can have :
peace-of-mind and/or happiness.compared with the theory of relativity 
a proposed unified-field theory and 
indeed 
the cosmos itself ,
all the aspiration and interaction of roeg 's protagonist seem insignifican not .
yet these aspect of the physical universe
( it is all quantum ,
trust me ! )
affect us
when they are applied to the development of the mean
to destroy us .
monroe 's mention of the principle behind the neutron-bomb
( without naming it as such )
is not an anachronism per se ,
but can only be understood by a contemporary audience .
indeed 
all the reference within the script are only accessible to a knowledgeable viewer :
one au fait with '50s occurrences/personality cult
and how they affect us in the 21st century.this film
and its screenplay are either very 
very clever 
or extremely opaque and pretentious .
ultimately 
however 
probably insignifican not.live long and prosper : )
