as a child i always hated being forced to sit through musical .
i never understood
why person would eak out into song like that ,
and i was far too young
to appreciate the artistry
( choreography 
set design 
costume 
pacing )
behind it all .
carol reed 's `` oliver ! ''
was the one musical i remember oddly enjoying as a child ,
probably because it is one of the darker one
and is appropriately drenched in the spirit of dickenian squalor .
this is a musical about ghetto life in victorian london ,
and
while the scenery and set design are stark 
dark ,
and true to that way of life ,
it is flat out bizarre for person
to be eaking out into such ridiculous song amidst their misery .
upon a recent viewing 
my first since childhood 
i have some new thought and insight into why this musical `` work ''
in that bizarre eaking out into song kind of way ,
and why most just do not do it for me.when musical work
or really say something ,
it is because they realize their own inherent strangeness .
lar von trier 's `` dancer in the dark '' as tragic and operatic and over reaching
as it was ,
worked as a musical
because the musical number were the product of the imagination of the protagonist 
an immigrant obsessed with hollywood musical .
likewise 
the very cynical and enjoyable `` chicago '' worked on a similar level
because the musical number were the product of a homicidal ingenue singer/dancer .
musical do not work
when they take their own musical-nature too seriously
( like in `` moulin rouge '' )
or are simply too much fluff about nothing
( i.e .
something pointless like `` mary poppin '' ) .
upon viewing `` oliver ! ''
for the first time as an adult 
i saw it in a new light .
told mostly from the point of view young oliver ,
i saw the musical number as the product of his childhood imagination and his way
of coping with the horror of ghetto life around him .
the best musical number was probably
when nancy got everyone in the tavern signing
and dancing about the joys of getting drunk
( as a cover
to help poor oliver escape the clutch of the evil bill syke ) .
it was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub tune
that drunk might start singing around a piano .
there are other great and classic tune
to be heard here ,
and the direction and acting from the lead to the dancing extra are all top notch.still 
for all its bleakness
( although it does have a happy ending for oliver at least ,
though certainly thing did not end happily for nancy ,
and unless you think
a life on the street
being a pick-pocket is fun ,
it was not a necessarily a good ending for fagin or the dodger ,
despite their peppy closing tune )
i would not really classify this as a family film ,
though i do not think showing it to kids over the age of seven or eight will do any harm .
this is a harsh tale about an unfortunate orphan
trying to survive on the street
and find some happiness .
i think
it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this some how 
perhaps a revisionist take on it ,
where person on the street of compton eak into happy song about their horrible life .
i would like to see a hard-edged hip-hop version of `` oliver ! `` .
i always thought
dicken would translate well in those regard .
as it stands 
`` oliver ! ''
was probably the last of the great film musical
and maybe the strangest g-rated film i have ever seen .
