do you guys wan na know a secret ? .
this movie sucks .
well actually i do not know
because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised version of original movie ,
then perhaps you may find this movie astounding
( this movie being a plagiarised copy of i know
what you did last summer ) .
the first 30 minute of the movie is based on a typical story setting ;
a bunch of so-called cool teenager relishing their vacation in florida
and being themselves by behaving very much like the juvenile they are .
the only insight
we get at this point
is the extent
to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the character .
the second half hour of the movie gain a little momentum
and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where-near unprecedented killing .
the third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me
because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking
that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show .
as far as the story is concerned ,
it can easily be explained in a few line .
a bunch of teenager go to florida on vacation .
while they are busy partying ,
they slowly
( and i mean slowly )
begin to get killed
because they know some sort of silly secret .
the only thread to the killing is that all victim were matriculate of a common high school .
one thing
that did however amaze me about this movie ,
was how much betty
( im not sure about her name..the blonde character )
looks like reese witherspoon .
another thing
that amazed me about the movie
was
that it made me jump from my seat a few time .
does that make it a work of art ?
absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice
because she `` boo'ed '' me
when i was just about to go through the guest room door..whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece ? ? ? ?
do you wan na know a secret ? ? ?
i am not sure about you guys ,
but i do not..
