it was a doubly interesting experience .
for some reason
the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century had never been the central figure in a movie* .
the closest i can think
of as film with einstein in them are champaign for caesar ,
where
( like a `` deus ex ma-china '' )
the great man is heard clarifying a point on a radio quiz show ,
so that ronald colman is proved to have given the correct answer after all ,
and in bullshot where the great albert is one of a dozen leading physicist and scientist
who are drugged with cannabis by the villain ,
intent on stealing some machine of their .
it is notable that in those two case 
and in iq 
we are dealing with comedy .
so far nobody has tried to do a serious film about the life of einstein 
like john huston 's attempt
to do one on freud with montgomery cliff .
i guess
it is just too hard to get the world of mathematical equation or the secret of electro-magnetic field theory into exciting dialog .
but then 
only three year ago russell crowe and christopher plummer did a beautiful mind .
maybe nobody really has tried .
( *subsequently ,
after writing this ,
i remembered the successful comedy young einstein with yahoo serious about ten year ago .
but that is an exception
and it was a spoof .
) the other surprise was the actor playing the great albert .
it was walter matthau ,
here taking time away from the series of film
he did with jack lemmon in that last decade of their career .
matthau was a highly capable and gifted character actor 
in both comedy and drama ,
but normally his comic persona were variant of his `` whiplash willie '' gingrich from the fortune cookie .
they were conniver and gonif .
later they would shed their criminal propensity
because we had grown to like them ,
but they remained grumpy type .
but his albert einstein happens to be genuinely sweet .
more like his kotch than like willie clarke.he plays albert as good old uncle albert .
it seems that matthau 's einstein is living in princeton with his niece catherine boyd
( meg ryan ) ,
and she is seeing a stuffy professor
named jame morland
( stephen fry ) .
but fry 's car needs repair ,
and they take it to the auto shop
where ed walter
( tim robbin )
work .
robbin fall for ryan ,
who is attracted to him - but finds
that he lacks the mental equipment
that she admires .
good old uncle albert ,
aided by his three friend
( lou jacobi 
joseph maher 
and gene sak )
decide to give their assistance to robbin
and make him an apparently unrecognized physic genius .
this will open the door of romance between him and ryan ,
provided ryan is impressed
and fry does not spoil thing
( as he hopes to do )
.the atmosphere is sweet ,
as when matthau and his chum rig up a super physic quiz
that they help robbin cheat on
( by switching the position of their body ) .
the plot eventually leads to the outright lie
that the illiant robbin has constructed an atomic powered rocket ship -
which ings in the interest of the nation in the figure of president eisenhower
( keene curtis )
.it was a charming comedy 
and an interesting stretch for matthau
in that he was not as hyper as normal ,
but far more subdued .
