i will not try to speculate as to what brando was attempting .
at his best he turns in such oddball performance 
insinuating so many thing at once ,
that it does not seem
he does anything so much as play by unfailing instinct .
often it seems
he is calling attention to some favored aspect of his character over all other 
a concentration
which ,
if followed ,
turns out something of a red herring ,
as he turns out subtler ,
craftier than at first appeared .
this is a mastery of artifice 
not naturalism ,
as might be associated with the method .
the role of sky masterson ,
as mankiewicz so wonderfully realized ,
seems tailored for him ,
which is to begin with odd 
and odd still at the end ,
because whatever it is brando has done ,
he has managed a grace maybe all his own 
but a consummate grace nonetheless
-- again 
odd 
coming from an actor with limited musical ability ,
not ever
before or after associated with the musical comedy .
jean simmon 
also oddly cast 
is not quite as impressive ,
but certainly above just-adequate 
really delightful in the havana sequence ,
and never less than enjoyable throughout .
and yet ... perhaps
because actor are both so concentrated on what it is they are doing ,
and character on what it is they intend of each other ,
there does not seem to be the lover ' `` chemistry '' ought up so insistently more than once .
brando/sky masterson and simmon/sister sarah respectively feed off one another well enough ,
but i for one do not see more beyond that .
in a movie this outrightly dazzling and entertaining
( and most everything about it 
craft-wise 
is just that
-- dazzling ) ,
that lack would seem something tactfully and easily overlooked ,
but so much would depend upon true chemistry !
an 
at least partial 
transformation of the character through such chemistry 
would lend something positively moving to the final scene .
as it is ,
one leaves this film certainly delighted ,
but not really moved ,
except in a way
as to negate the trueness of the union .
note sister sarah marry in her missionary 's uniform 
sky masterson in his same natty man-about-town duds rather than wedding tux .
and they have changed back to those from their previous scene ! funnily enough
( that is 
insightfully ) ,
the most touching 
and most serious 
scene is 
i think 
between brando and vivian blaine 
as sinatra/nathan detroit is doll 
adelaide 
the only scene
where these two are exclusively together ,
not least because there is just no hint of flirtation between them
even though it takes place in adelaide 's dressing-room
while adelaide is about to change .
though one may submit
there is no place for that ,
sky really is the type to `` check out '' adelaide in this sort of circumstance .
he is even there
to tell adelaide nathan will not be meeting her to elope .
adelaide and sky are both true in their respective way to nathan 
even piteous of him ,
as is demonstrated through a tone in their exchange .
adelaide is of course also frustrated and disappointed ,
but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feeling for nathan ,
as sky is admonishing her
that she can not love a man
and then wish him to be someone else.guy
and doll is another turn at the battle of the sex 
around the theme of gambling and salvation .
since both the compulsive gambler and the salvation seeker are more or less unconsciously courting despair ,
there just may be a dark secret deliberately behind brando 's and simmon ' lack of chemistry .
after all 
that lack may well denote an excess of narcissistic preoccupation
( echoed by the sinatra/blaine pairing ,
though with considerably less self-deception involved ) ,
which might explain brando 's and simmon ' odd 
rather provoking 
interpretation of sky masterson and sister sarah .
i realize
simmon may be mostly depicting coldness and skepticism 
but brando ,
though playing to confront her ,
is not exactly heated and eager ,
and is more than keeping his distance
-- he is also assimilating it ,
keeping his balance through it .
his boldness consists in merely playing against her
-- the trip to cuba 
a kiss 
whatever it takes --
but he is not actually set on winning through
seducing her so much
as beating her then in her own turf .
this may be shrewd ,
as playing to zeal may be the only way
to get to the missionary 
and through .
but it makes sky 's transition from merely trying to win a bet
to actually wanting sarah brown a little less than persuasive .
yet why does he want her ?
what does falling in love mean to sky ?
i find the only way
to get around this
is by indeed accepting his humanity
has kicked in ,
and that he does not want to end up a mere cad toward sister sarah ,
so he does ,
as he is promised her ,
need to deliver the sinner to her prayer meeting ,
make good by his `` marker 
''
as he puts it ,
as a way
of winning her back
when it seems
he had already won only to lose her .
but this still denotes self-concern more than anything .
however 
it also allows for sarah brown 's own self-concern ,
as sky will placate the missionary in her in order to get back the lover .
neither 
at least it seems 
will change much by their union ,
except perhaps in the acceptance of the other .
yet that would seem an all but fatally uneasy proposition :
acceptance of is still quite a cry away from achieving happiness in the other ,
let alone the transcendence
they each seem to imply by `` chemistry . ''
and behind all this 
i suspect is mankiewicz 's full knowing.for all those
who might say 
in defense of guy and doll yet ,
that not much can be expected from musical by way of depth ,
i need only remind them cabaret 
the three-penny opera 
carousel 
a star is born 
even the sound of music ,
which i do not care for as much
( and one can keep adding to this list
without even reaching forward toward post-cabaret musical ) ,
all wrap gorgeous music and dance around dire anxiety .
