the vampire bat is set in the small german village of klineschloss
where gustave schoen
( lionel belmore )
the burgermeister is holding a meeting with inspector karl brettschneider
( melvyn dougla )
from the local constabulary about all the recent murder ,
six victim have been discovered in as many week all drained of blood and bearing the same two puncture wound on their neck .
brettschneider does not have a single clue
but the superstitious elder of the village believe the death to be the work of a vampire .
brettschneider is not convinced
but the scared villager keep telling tale of seeing a large bat ,
meanwhile the latest victim martha mueller
( rita carlyle )
has been found .
brettschneider comes under increasing pressure
to solve the murder
but can he really believe
that a giant vampire bat is responsible
and if it is how 's he going to stop it ?
directed by frank r. strayer the vampire bat was a cheapie from majestic picture to cash in on the success
of it is two star atwill and wray and their success in the previous year doctor x
( 1932 )
and is more of a murder mystery rather than a horror
as the exploitative and enticing title may have lead you to believe
and quite frankly it is rather dull .
the script by edward t. lowe jr. takes itself rather seriously
and set up the basic story
that something is killing local villager
and that something could possibly be a vampire ,
then for most of it is duration the film focuses on brettschneider and his incompetent investigation
which are ,
not to put too fine a point on it 
boring .
the vampire bat also has a bit of an identity crisis
as it does not quite know
what it wants to be ,
the title would suggest a horror film
while the majority of it could easily be described as a thriller with the final few minute descending into silly sci-fi .
there is no vampire bat 
the attempt
to fool
you are pathetic ,
all the character 's are oad stereotype
and you can tell the villain of the piece straight away
and as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about the vampire bat .
i know it is old
but that is not an excuse
as cinema has moved on a lot since 1933 and a bland 
flat 
dull 
boring and misleading film such as the vampire bat just does not cut it these day ,
just look at the original king kong
( 1933 )
released the same year
and how illiantly that still holds up today .
i did not like it
and i doubt
many modern film-goer would either ,
it is as simple and straight forward
as that.director strayer does not do anything special
but this is a case in point
where i can cut the film some slack
because of it is age ,
as a whole it is pretty much point 
shoot and hope for the best stuff .
there is not much in the way of atmosphere or scare
although some of the set
which were already existing one
taken from the old dark house
( 1932 )
and universal 's european set on their back-lot are nice
and add a certain ambiance to things.technically the vampire bat can not compare to anything even remotely modern ,
for the age of it it is alright i suppose
but again i draw your attention back to the original king kong .
speaking of king kong
it is star fay wray
has a role in this
as does horror icon lionel atwill ,
i will be kind
and say
the acting is ok.the vampire bat will i imagine fool a lot of person
into thinking
that it is a horror film about vampire bat
when in fact it is not ,
personally i thought
the whole thing was a bit of a bore .
it is short
and it tells it is story reasonably enough
but i must admit i am not a fan .
