spoiler ?
maybe a few detail ,
but nothing too plot related .
not like it would matter with this movie .
air rage blatantly rips off the mid-air infiltration premise of executive decision .
ice-t leads a team of four `` elite '' commandos
who wear baggy black shirt
that
we can only imagine
must conceal invisible body armor as their idiotic tactic
( similar to what 3rd grader use
when playing star war on the playground )
lead them to absorb a hail of gunfire .
what entertained me the most about this flick was the use of look-alike has-been actor .
you will immediately recognize cyril o'reily as someone
who once acted in a movie
that you really liked ,
though it was so long ago
that you probably will not be able to place it
( it was porky 's ) .
here cyril plays a decent knock-off of a bill paxton character .
most hilarious is porker gil gerard ,
who 's so fat
that you will never recognize him as tv 's buck roger .
instead of evoking his mildly heroic character past 
gerard gives us a passable performance of the crusty fat tough guy persona ,
which was clearly imagineered for john goodman .
finally 
alex cord gives us a nice hyid look-alike performance as a chuck connors/kirk douglas type .
in the 10 year since new jack city 
ice-t 's acting has deteriorated remarkably .
it is not acting so much as regurgitation of line
that he might have actually memorized .
one of the item
that plays into this movie
is a cd-rom of classified information .
it is being hand carried ,
and it is apparently and unbelievably not encrypted ,
despite the security-savvy aura of gerard 's nsa character .
what a joke .
i am severely doubting
that the information purported to be on the cd
would ever
even all be assembled into a portable format .
despite being in a closed aircraft
without silencer ,
the gunfire is about as loud as canned air ,
and causes nary a person to flinch ,
so apparently no foley budget .
the assortment of weapon chosen is pretty funny .
the flight attendant 's use of a coffee pot is about the most realistic depiction of violence in the film .
when she takes intuitively to the mini-uzi pistol ,
which has got to be one of the worst pistol design ever ,
that is just too stupid .
a true elite team would carry mp-5s for this type thing or maybe socomm .45s 
or even customized hi- power
if they were really old school 
or maybe something fn 5.7
if new school ... the lame-o standard issue 92fs are totally unbelievable ,
having lost most of their cool
after lethal weapon i. the bad guy ,
supposedly experienced soldier of fortune type ,
have an assorted mixture of absurdity 
like the aforementioned mini-uzi pistol and a tec-9 with the infamous non-functional barrel extender
that is not a silencer .
there was one touch of realism
on which i would like to correct the other reviewer :
the flight attendant and ice-t did lower the craft to 10,000 foot for `` eathable air ''
before they opened the door .
and i also got the impression
that the flight attendant was not able to get the door closed ,
that she basically just gave up on that point .
as far as the landing 
there was no mention of flap until about 2 second before touchdown .
sigh .
only the duke of hazard eluding roscoe p. coltrane at the `` pass '' could shame this movie for use of stock footage .
they obviously chose the incredible
( and retired )
sr-71
because they could not get stock of an f-117 .
aside from the fact
that
they were mothballed already in 2001 ,
let 's also forget for a moment
that the sr-71 is not a pure stealth aircraft in the sense of the b-2 ,
and that at point blank range ... well 
i am no expert ,
but i am having doubt
as to whether it would be invisible on radar .
as other have pointed out ,
the repeated reference to `` f-15s ''
when they were showing f -16s
was laughable .
detail of the 747 were pretty stupid .
no airline would put
that few passenger on a 747 to begin with ,
not to mention everything else
that was idiotic about it .
pay attention to the use of exposed electrical wiring .
wow .
what a show .
catch it on star or something .
do not pay to rent it ,
but do watch it for laugh .
in contention for worst movie ever ,
right up there with no holds barred ,
which at least had some originality .
