this final entry in george lucas 's star war movie is often regarded as the weakest of the lot .
however 
this is not to say
that it is a totally worthless entry in the series .
on the contrary .
sure 
it is not as groundeaking as its predecessor and a bit more slow-going at time ,
but return of the jedi still offers a lot
to warrant the price of admission.the first third of the movie ,
where luke and his friend rescue han from the palace of jabba the hutt ,
is a classic .
jabba 
a truly disgusting blob of bloated flesh
who speaks in his own language ,
not only makes a great villain 
but a memorable one 
too .
it must have been a nightmare
to construct this giant puppet ,
much less give it the spark and life
that we see on the finished product .
actually 
what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppet for the various member of jabba 's court ,
including the intimidating 
slavering rancor and scary sarlaac pit monster .
it builds masterfully to its climax and pull punch all the while.thing get a little bit slower around the second act ,
where luke discovers
that he and leium are related by blood
and when we travel to the forest planet of endor 
home of the cuddlesome yet stalwart ewok .
most of the complaint about return of the jedi
that i have read
seem to be centered on these furry creature ,
in that they somehow disrupt the tone of the saga .
i do not totally agree with that ,
although this moment is probably played out a bit longer than it should .
however 
their leader 
wicket
( played by warrick davis )
is a delightfully memorable creation ,
and watching
how they handle the imperial troop ' technology with their simple ,
natural weapon provides a nice contrast.by the time
we get to the third act 
though ,
the pace picks up again ,
as we intercut between the ewok battle against the troop 
lando and the rebel force launching an attack against the empire 's all-new half-completed death star 
and luke 's final showdown with darth vader and the emperor .
the latter ty with the jabba palace sequence as the highlight of the movie .
mark hamill flexes his acting chop once again as luke skywalker in these scene ,
and watching him as a fully matured jedi knight makes for an unforgettable performance .
also 
as iconic as jame earl jone ' voice
as darth vader is ,
he is rivaled only by the shriveled 
crone-like emperor ,
played with deliciously raspy ,
frightening evil by ian mcdiarmid .
the tension between this trio heightens the excitement of this climactic moment ,
which is appropriately darkly lit and menacingly underscored.the star war movie have always set standard for special effect ,
and the technical work in return of the jedi can easily hold a candle to its predecessor .
the space battle fight are as exhilarating as always ,
and the speeder bike chase through the forest is a knockout .
of course ,
given
that this movie was made after a new hope and the empire strikes back ,
it probably should not be so surprising
that the special effect have reached an even greater level of excellence .
the acting is classic star war fare ; hamill 
harrison ford and carrie fisher all mature and deepen into their role ,
and anthony daniel provides more hilarious moment as c-3po .
frank oz 's yoda only appears in two scene ,
but he makes the most of it .
and yes 
there is also john william ' music.all told ,
while return of the jedi falters a little bit in the middle ,
the first and third act deliver in style ,
making this a rather satisfactory finale to one of the greatest sagas ever.in 1997 ,
george lucas re-released the classic star war in digitally restored
( and revamped )
`` special edition '' ,
which featured added-in effect and/or
shot as well as some enhancement .
of the three 
return of the jedi appears to have caused the most commotion with star war fan .
perhaps it can be due to the jarringly out-of-place
( albeit funny
if you are not so easily offended )
`` jedi rock '' musical number in jabba 's palace ,
which ,
although technically amazing ,
does disrupt the flow of the film .
however 
i did like the ending montage scene
where we see victory celeation
occurring on the various planet of the galaxy .
this dvd version features yet more tweaking
-- we get to see more montage finale scene
( notably on naboo ,
where we hear what sounds like jar jar bink screaming 
`` wesa free !
`` ) 
and 
in what is probably the most controversial change 
hayden christensen as the specter of anakin skywalker in the closing scene .
probably due to the intense
( and unfair )
disdain fan have for his somewhat shaky work in episode ii :
attack of the clone it seems inevitable
that fan would put this edition down for that alone .
however 
if you are watching the star war saga chronologically
( and contemplating about it ) ,
chance are you may react a little differently .
nonetheless 
it is an issue
that fan have raised ,
so it is probably best to be warned beforehand.as nice
as it would be to have lucas release the original version of these three classic film ,
he nonetheless stands by what
he said
about these revamp being the `` definitive '' edition of his classic trilogy 
and ,
when viewing the star war movie altogether as one complete saga
( as lucas intended ) ,
it actually makes sense to keep them technically and aurally consistent .
the original film will always be engraved in our memory ,
but these new incarnation are just as much fun ,
if one can give them a chance .
