narrative \u0096
whether written ,
visual or poetic epic \u0096 generally try to avoid too may character ;
reader and viewer 
after all 
can be too easily overwhelmed
by trying to keep track of who exactly is who .
this is especially true in film ,
i think ,
simply because we can not easily go back to refresh our memory in a cinema .
viewer like myself 
however 
do not have that problem
because we see all our film on dvd or vhs.a year ago i was introduced to audrey tautou 
a french actress ,
whom i first saw in the fabulous destiny of amelie poulain
( 2001 )
and later in a very long engagement
( 2004 ) ,
both of which were finely crafted and complex story with a large cast of character .
this earlier offering exceeds the other in both way :
more character and more complexity.now 
other director have used those technique before :
robert altman with the player
( 1992 ) ,
short cut
( 1993 ) ,
gosford park
( 2001 )
and other ; paul thomas anderson did the same with magnolia
( 1999 ) .
stanley kramer did it with a mad 
mad 
mad 
mad world in 1963 
a comedy of almost epic proportion .
the difference with this film is 
first the director lets us 'see ' inside the head of some of the character and second ,
some scene are repeated as mean to refresh the viewer 's memory as the story flip-flops between different time periods.the basic \u0096 the core ,
so to speak \u0096 story concern a young woman 
irene
( tautou )
who is told 
by a fellow commuter on a train ,
that she will meet her true love on that day .
this occurs in the first few minute of the film .
the clever irony at this point is that irene does not realize
that the young man opposite
( gilbert robin )
may be that 'one true love ' .
and 
nor does he ... they go their separate way with neither realizing the potential significance of their close encounter .
however 
chaos result throughout the rest of the day 
not only for the two young person 
but for the rest of the character
who appear in a series of cleverly constructed and interwoven vignette
that all seem to be going nowhere ,
and yet ...
if the story were simply that ,
it could tend to be boring 
and even quite predictable .
not so .
the script and the director rip into our expectation with a host of innovative scene
that are all too commonplace ,
but which are turned into believable 
extraordinary event
that allow the two possible lover to meet again .
for example 
the next time some bird poo from the sky drops onto a book or paper of your ,
consider your alternative ;
two character make an obvious choice
that must occur
before irene and her man of destiny meet again .
or what about a stone chip flying onto your windscreen ?
consider again what would happen ... all of that is interesting enough .
what was more interesting for me was assessing each new man
who came along
and trying to decide
whether this guy was the one for irene ,
or whether it was 
in fact 
the young man on the train .
that kept me guessing for a while.i will let you think about that ,
should you see this delightful romp.recommended for all .
