the sight of kareena kapoor in a two-piece bikini is about the only thing
that wakes you up from your sleep
while watching tashan \u0097 the mega-disappointing 
mind-numbing new film at the cinemas this weekend .
bad film are bad film
and we see some every week ,
but tashan is not just a bad film ,
it is a terrible film .
terrible
because it takes its audience for granted ,
terrible also
because the filmmaker expect to get away
without a plot or any common sense
only
because they have got big movie star onboard.written
and directed by vijay krishna acharya ,
tashan is what you would describe as a road movie 
but one
that is going in all the wrong direction .
saif ali khan star as jimmy cliff 
a call-centre executive
who 's hired to teach english to bhaiyyaji -
that is anil kapoor
playing an ambitious up gangster ,
desperate to go cool .
jimmy 's got his eye on pooja 
the gangster 's pretty young assistant
( played by kareena kapoor ) ,
who uses jimmy to swindle her boss of 25 crore rupee .
determined to recover his money
and also to punish both jimmy and pooja 
bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job .
so you have akshay kumar as bachchan pandey 
the gangster 's faithful aide from kanpur ,
who tracks down the culprit
and recover the stolen money
that is hidden across the length and eadth of the country.much like those bad eighty potboiler ,
tashan too is held together by a threadbare script centred on a vendetta plot .
but the treatment 's so over-the-top 
so indulgent
that it fails to establish any connect .
instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-act structure ,
you get a handful of set piece around
which most of the scene are loosely constructed .
that garish item song in the desert 
the bullet-dodging action scene at a rajasthani fort 
kareeena 's bikini moment ,
even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monk 
a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala ,
and believe it or not 
even a dhanno-style horse-driven tonga .
in all fairness ,
not all these set piece are badly
done -
the item song in the desert is quite neat actually -
but very little of it makes any sense in the larger picture ,
because you are just going from one piece to another
without any help from the script really .
little do you expect in a seemingly fast-paced road movie ,
to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood sweethearts.you see
the problem with tashan is nobody
associated with this film
knew
what film they were making .
what is more ,
i do not think
they cared either - the film reeks of arrogance .
arbitrarily packing in element of every genre
without actually bothering to stop
and see
if the mix does work ,
tashan is like an overcooked stew.there are film
that kill you softly ,
and then there is tashan 
a film
that kills you with excess .
packaged snazzily with glossy-finish camera-work 
exotic location and fancy costume 
every frame of the film probably cost lakhs to put together ,
but it still feels like a hollow piece in the end
because the story does not hold .
borrowing narrative from tarantino and style from stephen chow does not help
either because they do not blend with the film 's wafer-thin plot .
one may have complained a little less
if the character were more engaging ,
but anil kapoor 's grating hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrist 
and saif ali khan fumbles through the film foolishly ,
unable to find his foot .
kareena kapoor 
meanwhile 
queen of over-the-top delivery 
does a decent job .
but of course ,
if tashan is salvaged to some extent ,
it is thank to akshay kumar 's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character .
you cringe
when he is cupping his crotch repeatedly ,
and you scowl
when he delivers those double-meaning dialogue ,
but not for a moment can you take your eye off the screen
when he is up there.despite some good music from vishal-shekhar ,
the song seem like they are only prolonging your misery .
well that is because tashan is a test of your patience .
in case you did not know 
tashan means style .
i am sorry to say ,
this film has none .
