a film like amazing grace and chuck is a perfect example
of how the left in this country just does not get it .
they never did .
and liberalism continues to slip further
and further into political oblivion.this film deal with a little league baseball star
who decides to stop playing ball as a protest to the existence of nuclear weapon .
the boy is understandably ridiculed until a bevy of professional athlete ,
led by former nba star alex english ,
join his cause .
not just a few of them join the cause .
by the time his movement reaches its zenith 
entire league of professional and college sport have to cancel their season
since nobody will play any more .
just to move this review along ,
i am prepared to grant them this premise .
even though it would never happen in a million year ,
i will just imagine it could ,
then go from there.i do not quite remember how ,
but some type of agreement is reached ,
and the boy decides to go back to the game
he loves in an incredibly sappy and ridiculous scene.before
criticizing the message of this film ,
let me just say
that this film is poorly written 
acted and directed .
even if one does agree with the boy 's stance ,
it would be impossible to overcome
how badly the film was constructed .
and that is a shame
since there are plenty of good actor
that go to waste .
( peck 
curtis 
petersen ) .
alex english does as well
as he could have with his character however ,
and i wish he would try to act in more film .
ala 
it is likely much easier to find work in the coaching world of the nba .
one wishes mr. english would teach more of these thuggish nba type of today
how to shoot the rock a little better .
alex certainly knew how to put the ball through the hoop.as far as the film 's message in concerned ,
it is just wrong-headed .
plain and simple .
all of those nuclear warhead tucked away in those missile silos out west prevented war ! ! ! ! !
it would be one thing for this boy and his flock to protest an actual war or the use of nuclear weapon .
these weapon were in fact never used ,
and that was the genius behind their existence .
neither side during the cold war was crazy enough
to fire a single missile .
without these weapon ,
who knows
what might have happened between the usa and ussr.the maker of this film obviously intended for kid in america
to take up their cause and follow in chuck 's footstep .
kid in america however are more intelligent than the left wing kook
who created this dreck .
the film is worth only 2 of 10 stars.if
you want to see a great film about the danger of nuclear war 
stick with dr. strangelove 
instead.mr .
newell 
you are no frank capra !
