i can understand
after watching this again for the first time in many year how it is considered one of the worst laurel and hardy 's .
for me 
it is not as close to as bad as `` air raid warden '' and `` the bullfighter '' ,
but there are some definite huge flaw in it .
the film is set up to show laurel and hardy as the owner and instructor of the dance studio .
hardy is funny as the prancing lead of a `` london bridge '' dance ,
surrounded by 20th century fox starlet ,
while in the next room 
laurel teaches the beginner ballet
while wearing a ballerina outfit .
a clumsy carpenter spill glue on the floor ,
leading to a predicable gag
where hardy ends up the looser .
then 
in come the racketeer 
now selling insurance
covering up their protection racket .
one of them is a very young and handsome robert mitchum .
but no sooner do they bully the boy into buying insurance ,
they are arrested.this is the end of the gangster and the last time we see the dance studio .
the rest of the film is devoted to laurel and hardy 's support of wealthy patron trudy marshall and her inventor boyfriend 
robert bailey .
they first try to help them hide their relationship from her disapproving parent
( matt briggs and margaret dumont )
and hopeful suitor allan lane ,
whom we can tell right off
is a no-good swine .
this leads to briggs ' hidden bar being revealed to tea-totaling dumont ,
and a gag where a rug is literally pulled out from the wealthy patriarch
which crashes his bed into a pond below .
when bailey uses the boy to help display his ray gun 
pandemonium ensue .
the dead-pan butler announce to case and dumont
that their house is on fire.later ,
hardy wants to use the insurance policy
to gain money
to pay their dance studio rent
and hopes to get laurel to eak a leg
to do so .
there is no reference to the fact
that the insurance salesman were gangster
and that the policy would probably be invalid .
( even if they were to have become legitimate insurance salesman ,
after being arrested ,
their license would have been revoked ) .
laurel ends up getting off a bus
which had been abandoned by the driver over a supposedly rabid dog
( only a frosting covered 
cake devouring toto look-alike 
or possibly the actual pooch ) ,
causing oliver to end up on a huge beach roller-coaster
that somehow the bus has ended up on ,
perfectly fitting its wheel onto the track .
roller-coaster gag can be exciting ,
as evidenced in `` abbott and costello go to hollywood '' ,
and this one is amusing
but anticlimactic.as the story wraps up ,
all of these gag seem to have no point ,
giving the impression
that this was simply a series of one-reeler
put together
to make a full-length feature ,
hopefully part of a double bill .
landh ,
as i have mentioned in other review of their later film ,
had lost much of their luster
after leaving hal roach 's employ ,
but surprisingly here 
they do not come off as old and tired looking
as they had in film made in the same year .
had the gag not been as amusing ,
as was the case with some of their other film ,
this surely would have ranked a `` 2 ''
as opposed to a `` 3 '' .
