this movie really woke me up ,
like it wakes up the main male character of this avely different movie from his life slumber.this guy john
( ben chaplin )
leads his mediocre safe life of a bank teller in a small provincial english town 
until the stunningly gorgeous 
wild 
girl-to-die-for nadium
( nicole kidman ) ,
ordered by email from russia ,
enters his life to become his beloved wife 
by johns plan .
however a glitch turns
up - nadium
does not speak a word of johns language .
although calm and emotionless on the outside 
john become so interested in beautiful nadium
that instead of using the full refund policy of the matching service ,
he buys her a dictionary
to start the communication process.what
happens henceforth in the plot really shakes poor john from his slumber of a decently-paid safe-feeling clerk into a decision-making decently thinking action figure ,
giving the viewer a subliminal message
`` you would have probably acted likewise '' .kidman 
cassel and kassovitz make a great team acting russian
and they are almost indistinguishable from the real thing ,
`` almost '' only due to the slight accent present in their russian dialogue 
however slight enough to amaze a native russian by the hard work
done
to get the word sound right .
nicole kidman proves her talent once again
by playing a character quite different from the previous role ,
at least from the cultural background.the pace of the film is fast and captivating ,
and you certainly are not ready to quit
watching
when the end titles appear ,
you rather feel
that you are in the middle of the plot ,
and are left with a desire
to see the sequel as soon
as it comes
out.my advice is to go out
and get this film immediately
and watch it and enjoy .
to sum it up ,
it has an unusual plot 
great acting ,
and idea below the surface .
like the idea of the `` rude awakening '' from the artificial safe routine life of a wheel in a society 's machine 
the life
which member of the fight club
were so keen to quit and the machine
of which pink floyd sing
( `` welcome to the machine ! `` ) .
i bet
that in the end 
john was rather off with sophia on their way to the unknown
than not having met her at all.thank you 
writer 
for the great story ,
and everyone else for this great movie !
please make a sequel !
and you can stage it whereever
and name the location whatever ,
because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to the 99.9999 percent of the potential viewer ,
i am sure of it .
