there is one great moment in *surviving christmas*
that almost makes it worth the pain :
jame gandolfini cracks a shovel over ben affleck 's stupid head.this movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of jame gandolfini
proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career
by acting in this film.young and wealthy ad exec ,
drew latham
( ben affleck )
has been inculcated into believing
that one must never be alone on christmas .
( and there 
from the outset 
is the underlying problem with our suspension of disbelief in this idiotic movie :
how many person of drew 's social standing ,
in 2004 
truly care one way or another whether christmas is spent alone or with half the family or with a fifty-dollar prostitute ? )
storyline finds drew buying off a family
to spend christmas with 
on the condition
that they pretend to be his own ,
insensately ignoring all the indication to the contrary
that his money has not bought the emotion
he was seeking.for $ 250,000 
a surly suburban truck driver 
tom valco
( jame gandolfini ) ,
and his disheveled wife 
christine
( catherine o'hara ) ,
agree to be drew 's ad hoc family 
against protest from their son 
brian
( a very one-dimensional josh zuckerman )
and daughter 
alicia
( a very soft-focused christina applegate ) .
drew then spends the rest of the movie supposedly recapturing his youth or - something .
the message in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry-mouthed storyline .
fraught with overt psychose 
drew plaster a fake smile on his face and blindly remains in denial against every denigration
that he was supposedly buying the valco family to avoid.which begs the question :
if drew is paying these person
to recapture some semblance of joyous familial emotion ,
how psychotic must he be to pretend happiness amongst their barbs and mental anguish over his presence ?
it is not a case of the valco family hiding their true feeling and pretending to be happy
while around drew - three of the four member make
it patently clear
they despise him .
is he so incognizant
that he can not see
that his money is not buying him the `` family '' atmosphere
he was inculcated into believing
was a truth in the first place ?
as with all movie this opproious 
one wonders how *four* screenwriter could possibly get so tangled in their own narcissistic dream of appearing in a credit sequence
that they will overlook any semblance of plausibility 
or intelligence.director mike mitchell ,
who was responsible for *deuce bigalow :
male gigolo* - stop right there .
'nuff said.gandolfini and o'hara somehow manage to shine ,
proving their mettle amongst this mess .
christina applegate is willowy and cutesy and blond and fiery in all the right place ,
scathingly cutting drew into little strip of carcass for most of the movie ,
then doing an about-face
and falling in love with him
because the script tells
her to.and i would not go so far
as to say
that affleck is a bad actor ,
but john schneider better look over his shoulder .
there is a whole new level of desperately
seeking talent in town .
