maybe i am really getting old ,
but this one just missed me and the old funny bone completely .
surely there must be something powerful wrong with this irishman
( that is me 
schultz ! ) .
lordy 
lordy what i would give to see the light !
firstly ,
that phil silver manic energy ,
wit and drive was very much a part of the comedic upinging and overall education in life ,
if you will .
although it is possible that the series 
first titled :
`` you will never get rich ''
( 1955-59* )
could have gotten on the cbs tv network with someone else in the title role of sgt .
bilko 
it is very hard to picture any other actor/comedian in the business wearing those master sergeant 's stripes.such a strong identification is inescapable 
though not the same sort of career-wrecking typecasting of a nightmare
that it proved to be to some other guy 
like clayton more
( `` the lone ranger '' ) ,
george reeve
( `` the adventure of superman '' )
and charles nelson riley
( `` uncle croc 's block '' )
.one major stumbling block to successfully adapting
and updating such a work from the 1950 's tv screen to the 1990 's movie-going public is our collective memory .
without being sure about what percentage of the crowd remembered the bilko character
from seeing the original run and early syndication revival ,
and their number were surely considerable ;
even a large segment of the young had seen bilko rerun in recent time .
it was obvious that the new film and the source were mile ;
or even light year apart.so as not to be thought of as a totally square 
old grouch please let 's consider some other points.right here today 
the 14th day of november in the year of our lord 2007 
let me swear and affirm under oath
that i have been a steve martin fan for nearly 30 year 
furthermore ,
i have enjoyed the wit and talent of bilko '96 co-star dan akroyd and the late phil hartman .
after all 
it was the talent of guy like this and so many other 
alumni of `` nbc ; s saturday night '' and `` second city tv ''
that kept the last quarter of the 20th century laughing .
but a bilko re-make ; it just did not click.perhaps
if the film had been made as a service comedy
( always liked 'em ! )
but without the bilko show name
and gave it some identity of it self
it would be more highly regarded by crabby 
old guy like me.so ,
we have already had so many sitcom and cartoon series turned into movie lately ,
what is next ?
howse about somebody doing hal roach 's world war ii army comedy series of sergeant doubleday and ame and tv 's 1st cartoon series `` crusader rabbit '' ?
remember where you heard it first !
poodle schnitz !
