it is pretty clear that the director and production crew set out to paint a less than flattering picture of the palestinian girl and her family .
the film and it is website try to imply
that ayat has a secret reason for blowing herself and rachel up- a boyfriend problem- perhaps pregnancy .
neatly glossed over is the fact
that ayat had herself just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hand of the israelis'-just outside her home .
gosh ,
so why on earth would a young 
pretty 
intelligent girl with plan for college go
and do such a thing ?
could it be that the hormonal 
emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing
seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes ?
this detail merits all of 5 second in the movie .
another neatly sidestepped detail is that avigail levy 
rachel ' mother 
could have prevented the destruction of the building the akhra family
lived in
( along with 22 other family ) .
one distinctly gets the impression
that she is offering this
as a `` concession '' - should mrs. akhra agree to speak with her .
`` why should i ? ''
she says .
( since the movie was made the home
has been destroyed- apparently the interview did not result
in what she wanted- so ing on the bulldozer )
mrs levy claimed
that she `` wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope 
a chance to transcend entrenched hatred '' -
instead she uses it as an excuse
to harangue ayat mother ,
while dangling the house as a carrot.moreover
although the two woman live only 4 mile apart ,
she is so out of touch with the reality of the occupation for her palestinian neighbor ,
that she really thinks
that mrs. akhra can just drop over for a cup of coffee ?
please.and
she forgoes the one chance
she had to meet mrs. akhra in person and see what kind of life she lives .
( the akra family originally came from jaffa ,
but now live crammed into a refugee camp only 4 mile
from where the levys live in comparative luxury.any sympathy i would have had for the obviously well to do mrs. levy is dissolved by her air of self-righteous bitchiness.by contrast ,
ayat mother comes off as kind 
forthright and loving- in spite of the best effort by the post production crew
to paint her and her family as monster .
heck even the music and sound design was one sided- i
guess
the muezzin sing all day every day 4 mile from the levy family home ,
always in a sharply contrasting key from the sappy new-age music
that scores this drab excuse for a documentary.also
there is the small matter of translation - mrs. levy directly addresses the camera in english
when she has something worked out to say ahead of time 
heew
when she does not .
mrs.akhra spoke only arabic
which received sometimes a translation 
sometimes transliteration 
always awkward ,
and very suspect for a supposedly objective movie.they also `` sweated '' her under the light ,
while mrs. levy sat in ( air conditioned )
comfort.rotten editing for mrs. akhra ' segment too .
i gave it a 2
because i liked ayat mother and father ,
who seemed like good decent person .
shame on hbo 
producer and director 
for releasing such a stink-bomb .
