the godfather part i was a stunning look inside the fictional corleone family
and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstance
he never wanted to have a part of .
the godfather part ii shows
that young man 's acceptance of his new role 
his desensitization of character 
as well as his complete loss of all innocence
as he dives deeper
and deeper into a life of crime .
the first two part of this saga of this transformation of michael corleone make for one of the greatest tragedy in cinematic history.then ,
along came the godfather part iii .
michael corleone is now the aging don of the corleone family .
he shows remorse for his previous action not through subtle behavior ,
but by trying to use his power for good
and admitting all his wrongdoing and regret to other .
very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character
that is michael corleone .
michael 's plan
to use his power for good
are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemy .
michael 's daughter is eventually a casualty of the ongoing mob war
and her death predictably leads to michael realizing
that his entire life as don has been worthless
for he has failed in the one thing
that was the reason
for putting himself into the position
he was in :
protecting his family.the godfather part ii ends with michael corleone
reaching the lowest of the lows :
having his own other killed .
before part iii was made ,
the godfather saga was an emotionally riveting tale of an innocent young man 's journey into darkness with the unbelievably tragic end of michael forgetting his root and abandoning the one thing
that has always mattered most to him and those around him :
family loyalty .
part iii paints the picture of michael as a man
who is
and always has been just a victim of circumstance .
this greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films.the godfather part iii is a horrible mess of a film
that never should have been made .
the only solution to the problem
that is this final installment of the godfather movie
is to pretend
that it does not exist
and that the saga actually ends with michael 's shockingly horrible act
of having a member of his own family killed .
