*warning* contains many spoiler ! let me start
by saying
i have a huge respect for gillian anderson 's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress -
which is why i can not comprehend her reason
for agreeing to make this film
once she saw the script
( or lack thereof . )
the premise of the film was 
in my opinion 
a great idea and there were some genuinely thought-provoking theme in there
but it ended up like a collapsed souffl\u00e9 .
it exemplifies why i hate 99 % of british cinema .
it feels too long ,
it is tedious 
for the most part ,
and not a lot happens after the first twenty minute .
just when you think
there is a chance
of it picking up some speed
it disappoints like paula radcliffe running a marathon .
with little imaginative directing and a minimalist plot 
there is not much
to keep the audience from nodding off into their popcorn .
as for the script i can only surmise
that the writer was trying to save a few tree ,
with the average scene reading something along the line of `` alice :
f*** off !
( adam stare .
adam runs off into wood )
( alice follows )
alice :
adam !
adam ! ''
i suspect
that 
word for word 
the actor probably got paid more than kate moss did for her virgin mobile advert .
what few line there were did not have a lot of variation with a frequent use of the f-word
that would make bridget jone 's friend 
shazza 
proud .
there is little establishment of the main character
before the main sordid event
which leaves the audience
lacking much sympathy for the character beyond an automatic 'oh
that is terrible ' reaction.alice is not the kind of woman
who courts sympathy either .
she is got a great job 
an expensive london apartment with roof space
to die for yet
she comes across on screen as conceited 
bitter and dissatisfied before her life takes a turn for the worst .
after the attack a few layer are peeled back
which sort-of explain
why she is this way to start with ;
she grew up with a tough-as-old-boots soldier
who thought
that teaching her how to shoot his gun was the ultimate expression of love so ,
instead of following in his footstep ,
she ran away to the big city in search of something
to make her feel
like her life is worth living .
instead she found a group of stereotypical middle-class toff
who look down on anyone not rich enough
to drive a lexus and the luxury
that come with an integrated security/entertainment system
( i.e .
becoming mrs robinson to a wanna-be cockney wide-boy electrician )
someone pass me a tissue .
the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .
in the hand of a lesser actress
she would 've been intolerably one-dimensional
but ms anderson actually manages to inject a few fleeting moment of humanity into this otherwise lifeless human being 
most notably
when she is sincerely apologising for her road rage in a vain attempt
to stop her attacker from continuing their assault.i can not say
that adam fared much better either .
danny dyer played him well as a fish-out-of-water jack the lad
but a good performance could not save him from both the lack of a script and the total absence of any character background .
this film relied mostly on shock value
but the timing was off
and it felt far too engineered from beginning to end .
as for the shock 
the most shocking thing about this film is the unashamed demonstration
of how painfully thin ms anderson has become ;
it was almost as unsettling to see as the utal attack scene .
on a side note 
only in a british film would a gang of violent sex attacker take the time
to offer each other contraception
before continuing to cheer their mate on - talk about stiff-upper-lip taken to the extreme !
if this is the kind of film
that the national lottery is donating money
to make then i am
not surprised
that fewer and fewer person are choosing to spend their pound each week .
saying
that i hated this film is giving it too much credit ,
i did not care enough about any of the character to warrant
that strong an emotion .
i want that one-and-a-bit hour of my life back 
please !
