ying 
a chinese girl
who speaks czech ,
invited us to screening of a czech movie
( with english subtitle )
in the department of visual and environmental study
( ve ) .
it was the first time i saw samot\u00e1and # 345 ; i
( loner 
2000 )
and it was pretty good.much like in many other czech movie ,
the seven central character seem to have a pretty difficult 
dirty life ;
the web indicates
that this theme was popular among the u.s. movie in the early 1990s .
their relationship are eaking up 
combining 
and recombining .
another typical feature of the czech movie is that
neither of the character is designed to be a universally negative one
and neither of them is a permanently positive character either .
also 
you can see how the character judge the feature of other depending on the context ;
that is a very realistic feature of the movie 's psychological analysis.ondand # 345 ;
ej is a talented and married young surgeon
who has two daughter .
nevertheless 
you learn
that he has only studied neurobiology
to prove
how much he loved another woman 
hanka .
he is so obsessed
that he repeatedly dresses up as a plumber
to get into hanka 's parent ' house - a house
that
he repeatedly burns.meanwhile ,
hanka has a very mixed relationship with her parent .
she just decides - by tossing up a coin -
to eak up with petr
who work in a private radio station .
hanka does not view her parent ' bourgeois life
as a good example but seems rather unsuccessful
in creating a better environment .
but she is a very flexible figure ,
as far as the type of her boyfriend go.for a while ,
hanka seems to have serious plan with jakub 
an innocent drug addict
whose memory seems to be rather devastated by the drug .
however 
the friend from his band inform jakub
that he already has another girlfriend .
hanka is disappointed
and return to her parent.when hanka and petr eak up ,
it is organized by robert 
a matchmaker
who also work for a travel agency
where his job is to show the life of ordinary czech person to japanese tourist .
robert -
who also provides jakub with marijuana -
is never serious about anything
and he usually sleeps with many different woman ;
eventually 
his mother dies in a hospital
and he has his own way to deal with the depression.vena
( a slavic word for `` spring '' )
who came to prague from macedonia work as a barmaid -
and you will not learn
whether she came to czechia in order to see her dad or ufos .
she seems pretty confused but sometimes helps the other character from their problems.petr work in the radio station
and he is the only one
who likes his job - a job
that he eventually loses .
he announces to his audience
that he oke up with hanka -
which is how ondand # 345 ;
ej learns about the news
that make him very happy.finally 
ondand # 345 ;
ej 's wife lenka is alway ready to forgive him
and stabilize their marriage - even after ondand # 345 ;
ej asks a magician to make him disappear so that ondand # 345 ;
ej can try to capture hanka again .
( the magician pays his debt
because he is a other of a victim of an important car accident
- jakub and hanka ing the victim to the hospital and ondand # 345 ;
ej save his life . )
lenka also work for the travel agency - as a translator -
and eventually she has to translate some hysterical scene for 20 or so japanese tourist
who are shooting their movie during hanka parent ' dinner.the seven character interact in interesting and exciting way
that would be natural
if prague were smaller by four order of magnitude .
given the actual size of the czech capital ,
it looks a bit unlikely
that all these event would take place among seven person ,
but it is fun .
