myra breckinridge is one of those rare film
that established its place in film history immediately .
praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent ,
even from the person involved in making it .
this film was loathed from day one .
while every now and then one will come across some maverick
who will praise the film on philosophical ground
( aggressive feminism or the courage
to tackle the issue of transgenderism ) ,
the film has not developed a cult
following like some notorious flop do .
it is not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece like scarface 
or trotted out to be ridiculed as a camp classic like showgirls .
undoubtedly the reason is that the film 
though outrageously awful 
is not lovable 
or even likable .
myra breckinridge is just plain mean .
as a hollywood satire it is cold-blooded and mean-spirited 
but in a hollow pointless way .
myra takes for granted
that hollywood is a corrupt town ,
but goes further to attack such beloved icon as laurel and hardy 
shirley temple 
judy garland and gary cooper .
the film seems to imply
that everything about hollywood is by its very nature vile .
it seems to think
that there is something inherently courageous about mocking sacred cow ,
but does not supply a rationale
for doing the mocking in the first place .
the film is also viscously anti-american and anti-establishmant and anti-this and anti-that 
but all in a superficial 
late-1960 's 
trendy way .
like casino royale ; ski-doo ;
i love you ,
alice b. tokla and other would-be hip epic ,
myra is a middle-aged vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture .
it tries to emace the very attitude
that it belittles .
but instead of being cheerfully self-mocking ,
myra makes no attempt to conceal its contempt for everything
that comes within its grasp .
myra breckinridge has the humor of a bully ;
there is not a single momant of innocence in it .
its intention are not honorable .
time magazine aptly described it
as being `` about as funny as a child molester 
''
but it is not nearly as sympathetic.for instance ,
poor mae west bore the unt of so much of the criticism
aimed at the film ,
being described
as looking like everything from an aging drag queen to a reanimated walking corpse .
the octogenarian star obviously did not know just how ridiculous
she looked playing a lecherous talent agent lusting
after man young enough to be her grandson or even her great-grandson .
but 
director michael sarne had to know ,
but he used her anyway .
why ?
because 
she apparently was the joke .
just like john huston 
john carradine 
grady sutton 
andy devine and other veteran performer in the film 
they are there
only so the film can mock their age
and use them to trash their film image .
they are cast as smarmy self-parody ,
as is rex reed 
the arrogant 
fey film critic ,
who is cast as just that in the film .
but the real reed 
the celeity hound 
jet-setting 
talk show gossip 
can be charming in an obnoxiously funny way ;
but as myron 
myra 's alter ego 
he is just obnoxious .
again 
apparently for sarne 
reed is the joke.you watch myra breckinridge
and you do not see actor ,
you see victim .
none more so than raquel welch .
no one will ever accuse welch of being a great actress ,
but it is a testamant to her tenacity and her appeal
that she survived this film and her career prospered .
being in almost every scene ,
welch was front and center as a target for abuse
aimed at the film ,
but to her credit 
she gives a remarkably nuanced performance .
though 
of course ,
centered between the scenery chewing huston and the almost catatonic west ,
welch does not have to do much to strike a good balance .
even so 
she renders her horribly unfunny dialogue with a deadpan smirk 
with just the hint of self-righteous glee
that would do any jame bond villain proud .
legend has it
that welch was snubbed by a condescending west
and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by bumbling director sarne ,
not to mantion being featured in one degrading scene after another ,
making it all the more remarkable
that she was able to give such a cool
and collected performance.the film 's only intriguing elemant is trying to figure out
just what the film 's agenda is .
the whole story is a fantasy fable ,
which should indicate
that it has a moral to deliver ,
but what that might be is anybody 's guess .
with all of its talk
about destroying `` the last vestigial trace of traditional manhood from the race 
''
it would seem to have a feminist axe to grind .
but as a feminist 
myra is a monstrous figure 
a sexual predator .
besides 
myra is not a woman ,
rather she is a delusion of myron ,
who presumably is a gay male .
that might explain the male rape scene as well as the character 's love/hate attitude toward the macho 
seemingly straight 
deadhead rusty ,
but it does not explain his/her obsession for and the supposedly lesbian tryst with farrah fawcett 's mary ann .
the film is obsessed with sex ,
but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution ;
all the sex is treated
as being 
if not dirty 
than at least perverse and degrading .
turning to gore vidal 's original novel
is not of any help ,
because it is as confused and pointless
as the movie.and this is a rare movie
that actually seems to hate movie .
not just movie as a business ,
but movie as part of the culture as well .
the film itself is wall-to-wall arcane reference to old movie ,
all of which director-screenwriter sarne approach with a seething disdain .
he has raided the film vault of 20th century-fox and peppered the film with snippet of old film 
not as an homage
or to provide a social commantary ,
but to mock the innocence of old hollywood .
how can an artist
-- if you generously want to call sarne that --
make a work of art
if
he already hates the very medium
he is working in ?
the very effort is totally
self-defeating.myra breckinridge does not seem to be in favor of anything other
than being just nasty .
it hates hollywood ,
it hates america ,
it hates sex ,
it hates gay and straight and woman and man and old person and young person and laurel and hardy and 
well ,
you name it
and it probably has a scene
showing contempt for it .
in a very sad and sorry way 
myra breckinridge may be the first punk manifesto 
a celeation of pop culture nihilism .
