and here is yet another piece of evidence
to claim
that we should all worship the italian giallo
and acknowledge it to be the absolute most unique sub genre in horror .
emilio miraglia 's `` the red queen kill seven time '' is a totally mesmerizing wholesome of original plotting 
stylish production value 
enchanting music 
great acting talent and inventively gory murder sequence .
it is a fabulous giallo
( released in the golden year 1972 )
that belongs in the top-five of every fan of italian cinema .
the storyline does not just introduce your average black-gloved and sexually frustrated killer ,
but blends good old-fashioned revenge motive with the macae myth of the murderous `` red queen '' .
at young age 
their grandfather tells
the constantly fighting sibling kitty and evelyn about an uncanny lady
who 
once every 100 year on april 6th 
kill seven person of which her sister is the inevitable last victim .
fourteen year later 
kitty has become the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency
( even sharing her bed with the general manager )
when suddenly the killing spree begin .
sister evelyn would be the obvious culprit ,
but she moved to the state recently ...
or has she ?
complex yet compelling
and involving red herring are thrown at you every couple of minute and the red queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history .
her face can never be seen ,
but she wears a blood red cloak
and produces the most ghastly laugh whenever
she made a new victim .
she is not exactly gentle either ,
as her victim are barbarically stabbed with a dagger ,
dragged behind car and even impaled on fence !
that latter one is truly one of the greatest
( = most gruesome )
act of violence i have ever seen !
what more could you possibly request ?
some classy and tasteful nudity 
perhaps ?
the gorgeous female actress got this more than covered 
among them barbara bouchet and a young sybil danning .
emilio miraglia is not the most famous giallo-director ,
as he only made this one
and the equally recommended
`` the night evelyn came out of the grave '' ,
but his influence and importance should not be forgotten .
