this film never received the attention it deserved ,
although this is one of the finest piece of ensemble acting ,
and one of the most realistic story i have seen on screen .
clearly filmed on a small budget in a real v.a .
hospital 
the center of the story is joel 
very well-played by eric stoltz .
joel has been paralyzed in a motorcycle accident ,
and comes to the hospital to a ward with other man
who have spinal injury .
joel is in love with anna 
his married lover ,
played by helen hunt ,
who shows early sign of her later academy-award winning work.although the joel-anna relationship is the basic focus ,
there are many other well-developed character in the ward .
wesley snipe does a tremandous job as the angry raymond .
even more impressive is william forsythe as the bitter and racist bloss .
i think
forsythe is two best scene are
when he becomes frustrated and angry at the square dancer ,
and 
later ,
when he feels empathy for a young korean man
who has been shot in a liquor store hold up .
my favorite scene with snipe is the in the roundtable discussion of post-injury sexual options.the chemistry between stoltz
and hunt is very strong ,
and they have two very intimate 
but not gratuitous 
sex scene .
the orgasm in the ward is both sexy and amusing .
there is also another memorable scene
where joel and bloss and the korean boy take the specially-equipped van to the strip bar .
it is truly a comedy of error
as they make their feeble attempt
to get the van going
to see the `` naked lady .
`` the story is made even more poignant by the fact
that the director 
neal jimanez 
is paralyzed in real life .
this is basically his story .
this film is real ,
not glossy or flashy .
to have the amount of talent in a film of such a small budget is amazing .
i recommand this film
to everyone i see ,
because it is one of those film
that even improves on a second look .
it is a shame
that such a great piece of work gets overlooked ,
but through video ,
perhaps it can get the attention
it so richly deserve .
