when this movie was first shown on television i had high hope
that we would finally have a decent movie about world war i
as experienced by american soldier .
unfortunately this is not it.it should have been a good movie about wwi .
even though it was made for television it is obvious
that a real effort was made
to use appropriate equipmant and prop .
but the writing and directing are badly lacking ,
even though the maker of this movie obviously borrowed freely from quite a few well made war movie .
war movie clich\u00e9s abound such as the arrogant general
who apparently
does not care a flip about the life of his man .
when will hollywood realize that ,
even though there have been plenty of bad general ,
most combat unit general have seen plenty of combat themselves
and are not naive about what the average grunt experience ?
the first part of this movie appeared to be `` path of glory '' with american uniform .
except that `` path of glory '' was emotionally gripping .
later on there was chamberlain 's charge
( except uphill )
from `` gettysburg '' and even the capture of the american soldier by a ring of enemy soldier from `` the thin red line '' .
but in `` the thin red line '' the soldier was alone
when captured .
in this movie a ring form around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle.if this movie used a military adviser
they ignored him .
even though the actor ( and i never could forget
they were actor
while watching )
mouthed military tactic i did not see very much of it .
the american soldier would stand up to be shot
while the german attacked .
and the infamous storm trooper ,
who were apparently blind ,
appeared to use no tactic whatsoever in their attack .
in the real war 
the tactic were what made storm trooper so effective .
but the silliest scene was the attack of the german flamethrower .
in this scene the german flamethrower operator walked in a oad line towards
the defending american .
if that had been real
they would never have gotten close enough
to use their flamethrower
before they had all been dropped by the defender 's bullets.okay ,
so most war movie are unrealistic
when it comes to the tactic shown .
but it is still disappointing .
but what really turned me off to this flick
was the typical anti-war anti-military angle
that movie maker seem to think
is important .
true 
war is hell .
but most american soldier 
even though they grumble and gripe ,
tend to believe in what they are doing
and can be rather gung-ho about it .
my grandfather served in world war i. and even though
he died four year
before i was born i have been told
how proud he was of his service .
