the most succinct way
to describe ride with the devil
is with but one word :
authenticity .
i will not rehash what has already been said about this wonderous film ,
but i would like to say
how much the historical research and painstaking attention to detail the crew no doubt went through was appreciated by this filmgoer.as a student of history familiar with the period
and setting of this film ,
i must say
that this production is one of the most accurate fictional film
regarding `` bleeding kansas '' .
yes there were liberty taken on the actual event ,
as all fiction is apt to do .
but the overall feel of the film is genuine .
authentic costume 
authentic attitude
( no pc hindsight here )
even the actor look authentic.even jewel kilcher
( who has a small part in the film )
looked like she stepped form a mid 19th century photograph.a few viewer i
talked with have expressed their incredulity at the stylized dialog .
they can not believe
that 19th century farmer would `` talk like poet '' .what
they do not realize
is that in this age of verbal slobbishness 
the american public public of the 19th century was a surprisingly literate and eloquent bunch .
these person were raised on shakespeare and the king james version of the bible .
the screenwriter reconstructed the most likely verbal style of these person 
judging from documentation of the time .
the stylized dialog just adds to the magical atmosphere of the film.but in addition to a historical document ,
this film works on a visceral level as well .
beautifully photographed and performed 
it harkens back to the day of the great western epic .
the raid on lawrence 
kansas 
done so many time
before in so many other ,
lesser film is portrayed with a sense of urgency
that puts the viewer right in the midst of the action.romance 
adventure ,
moral and ethical conflict.this film has everything
a discerning moviegoer could want .
in a year
that was dominated by overhyped garbage like american beauty ,
this great artwork was buried by an indifferent studio system .
but i am certain
that ride with the devil will be given
it is due in the coming year .
please rent this film .
you will not be disappointed .
