this low budget b horror 's plot comes with all the amenity - mad scientist complete with sidekick 
malicious corporate greed of pharmaceutical industry 
eccentric and extreme genetic engineering ,
and information technology ... .can not leave
that out.start with strange sequence of hot looking nameless boater
that foolishly decide to take a dip in the water near an uncharted island
and end up chum for swarming hammerhead shark ... ..cut to weak back story
implying the stock decline of a generic pharma corporation
which motivates its wicked shakespeare quoting ceo to entertain an un-solicited offer
made by a former employee/scientist
that was jilted out of his job as head of research
and who also happens to be a nut ... of course
( total herbert west wannabe ) .
he is offering up a new stem cell technology
that could make ton o ' cash ...
or so it seems ... this lures in several employee to his moreau-ish island
( must have been quite an impressive exit package from the company
when he was let go for him to afford an island )
to validate his scientific finding
including the ceo and 
co-incidentally 
the ex-fianc\u00e9 of the mad scientist 's son now morphed sharkuman
( how convenient )
... .the plan 
sort of 
is to rekindle lost love between the former nuptial
while exacting revenge on the former colleague for his termination .
( sheez 
how can this guy be bitter ?
he has his own friggen ' island after all ... )
.soon 
everyone is on the run
( from endless supply of security guard toting heavy weaponry ,
from mutant plant \u0096 can there be an uncharted island
without man-eating plant ? 
from sharky son 's appetite for carnage 
from quack daddy 's eeding plan 
and from lack of a cell phone signal ) ...
and they all must learn to work together
to get off the island alive !
will anyone escape ?
will a new species be created ?
watch it
and find out.there is some entertainment value in this movie ,
but do not expect much ... for the true combs fan ,
this is not to be missed .
do not say
i did not warn you .
