what do you get
if you cross the matrix with the truman show ?
i am sure
you have all seen the matrix by now .
the creator of the matrix say
that it is 'anime inspired ' .
just from watching the trailer to this classic ,
you can see
where they took the plot from.the film is sort of set in 1980s japan ,
and it really shows .
the costume 
music and word
( in the recent english language
version by ad vision )
are all like they have been directly lifted from the era .
i believe
it was made in that time also ,
but due to certain plot point ,
this does not date the film !
as you probably guessed by my referencing to the matrix ,
the world is not real .
it is not really the 1980 's .
in fact 
it is something more like the 2480 's .
after a nuclear war 
the earth
( or `` biosphere prime '' )
's ecosystem was destroyed .
the survivor we are forced to escape into space ,
where the conflict continued .
once the planet
( or `` biosphere '' )
were all abandoned ,
person began to live in megazone - city inside of spaceship 
where 
via hypnotism technique and truman show-esque illusion ,
they were made to believe
they we are back on earth 
in the most peaceful time in recent memory ... the 1980s .
when young shogo obtains a mysterious advanced looking motorcycle ,
it leads him to find out more
than he is supposed to know ... the garland
( a bike
which becomes a mech ) ,
a weapon from the 2400 's 
aid shogo in his escape from the pursuing military .
as more and more is discovered about the megazone ,
the war comes closer to home ,
and due to conflict between the military and the computer ,
the war comes to the megazone too ... i apologise
if those point are seen as spoiler ,
but the plot is outlined basically that way on the synopsis.emotion run high in this movie 
moreso than the matrix .
you really do believe
the war is going on ,
and shogo really does become quite scarred by what he is discovering .
what starts off as an uber-happy cool 80 's flick becomes a tragic tale of war and unreality .
these character are real person ,
not the cardboard cutouts we saw flipping around in bullet-time in the matrix .
there really is the sense of the suffering
person
can go through
after being caught up in such a conspiracy 
and a war .
it may just choke you up towards the end ...
i know
it did me.animation
is pretty impressive
for it is day ,
and the picture quality on the advision dvd is unbelievable
for it is age .
the artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime 
very cultural .
be prepared for quite a lot of violence and blood ,
there is also an erotic sex scene.the ending can be seen as a 'there can be no ending ' 
similar to the matrix 
or 
supposedly can be followed by the sequel ,
which i have not yet had the pleasure of watching.i
have to say that this is one of the best anime i have seen 
in fact 
one of the best movie i have seen ,
and considered by many to be one of the greatest anime of all time.i must recommend the advision dvd ,
as their take on the english language
is incredible ,
and does the movie justice ,
and can be purchased with an artbox for holding the two sequel
when they are released ,
which will have the same vocal cast.all in all ,
megazone 23 is an incredible movie ,
and deserves to be held highly ,
and should be an essential in any anime fan 's collection .
heck 
even my mother enjoyed it .
