who are these `` they '' - the actor ?
the filmmaker ?
certainly could not be the audience- this is among the most air-puffed production in existence .
it is the kind of movie
that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot\u0097 too much fun ,
nobody is getting any actual work done ,
and that almost always makes for a movie
that is no fun to watch.ritter don glass
so as to hammer home his character 's status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled bogdanovich ;
the scene with the eezy ms. stratten are sweet ,
but have an embarrassing ,
look-guys-i am-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them .
ben gazzara sport his usual cat's-got-canary grin in a futile attempt
to elevate the meager plot ,
which requires him to pursue audrey hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic .
in the meantime 
the budding couple 's respective child
( nepotism alert :
bogdanovich 's daughter )
spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointer on 'love '
while observing their parent .
( ms. hepburn 
drawing on her dignity 
manages to rise above the proceedings-
but she has the monumental challenge
of playing herself 
ostensibly . )
everybody looks great 
but so what ?
it is a movie
and we can expect that much ,
if that is what you are looking for you would be better off picking up a copy of vogue.oh-
and it has to be mentioned
that colleen camp thoroughly annoys 
even apart from her singing ,
which 
while competent 
is wholly unconvincing ...
the country and western number are woefully mismatched with the standard on the soundtrack .
surely this is not what gershwin
( who wrote the song
from which the movie 's title is derived )
had in mind ;
his stage musical of the 20 's may have been slight ,
but at least they were long on charm .
`` they all laughed '' try to coast on its good intention ,
but nobody- least of all peter bogdanovich - has the good sense
to put on the akes.due in no small part to the tragic death of dorothy stratten ,
this movie has a special place in the heart of mr. bogdanovich-
he even bought it back from its producer ,
then distributed it on his own
and went bankrupt
when it did not prove popular .
his rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of hollywood story ,
so there is no joy
in criticizing the film ...
there _is_ real emotional investment in ms. stratten 's scene .
but `` laughed '' is a faint echo of `` the last picture show '' ,
`` paper moon ''
or `` what is up 
doc '' -
following `` daisy miller '' and `` at long last love '' ,
it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which p.b .
has never emerged.all in all 
though ,
the movie is harmless 
only a waste of rental .
i want to watch person
having a good time ,
i will go to the park on a sunny day .
for filmic expression of joy and love 
i will stick to ernest lubitsch and jaque demy ...
