what if marylin monroe 
albert einstein 
joe dimaggio and senator mccarthy were to come together in a mind-bending evening of relativity ?
this delightful roman \u00e0 clef never uses the actual name of the character
it so thinly veil and scathingly exposes not only for the individual
they must have been ,
but also for what they came to represent over time .
if you are confused by allegory ,
or if you like your movie served up predigested and mushy ,
you will not like this film .
it is a demanding opus
that reward on many level the viewer with the intelligence
to appreciate it .
dropping ,
for the time being 
the rigorous avoidance
of using the real name of the character ,
we see einstein ,
about to deliver a pacifist speech to a united nation hell-bent for nuke ,
being visited by marylin monroe ,
after filming the notorious seven year itch scene
that some say led to the end of her marriage with joe dimaggio .
they have a lovely interplay
in which einstein stumble with suitable professorial clumsiness around the innocence of perhaps the greatest sex symbol of modern time .
enter senator mccarthy
who thinks
einstein
is a red .
he is determined to extract einstein 's assurance
that he will support the activity of the house unamerican activity committee
while delivering the ultimate weapon in the name of peace .
add joe 
a surprisingly fragile and vulnerable person perhaps not perfectly cast as gary busey ,
who hates marylin 's exhibitionism
and believes einstein has become her lover ,
even though marylin only wants to show einstein
that she understands the special theory of relativity .
but there is more .
just like each of us ,
these character have their deepest fear ,
which they reveal one by one in haunting flashback .
it is these weakness 
ultimately ,
that lend humanity to figure
we can not help but see almost exclusively in the abstract today .
finally 
we see the shocking terror of einstein 's vision ,
and the statement of the movie becomes clear .
it is a powerful and memorable moment.insignificance
is one of my top five movie of all time .
it is utterly amazing .
