a director and his crew head out to the isolated beal mansion ,
to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious death of the beal family
that have occurred there in the last century .
even with warning by the caretaker ,
the director pays no attention to the supposedly cursed house .
one of the crew find a book titled tibetan book of the dead ,
and use some of the passage from it for their script .
but in doing so ,
when red they raise a ghoul from its grave.boring ,
confusing and tacky all rolled up into one 
equals this penniless midnight horror production .
what feels like an eternity ,
it just never seems to get going or demonstrate anything effective from somewhat decent idea .
even though director paul harrison 's clunky 
tensionless direction did construct a couple eerie 
moody and atmospheric set-piece .
but laziness did set it early .
the whole film within a film structure takes up most of the movie and in this time little to nothing happen of great interest .
nor is it fun .
think
of bob clark 's `` child should not play with dead thing
( 1972 ) '' ,
and now we have got older actor in the part .
however i found `` seven corpse ''
to be inferior .
the script early on has some cutting wit abound ,
before it ends up being drab 
predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibility .
the cheap foundation
involving limited set
did not help matter either ,
but the mansion 's dreary 
dark appearance had a creepy air to it .
performance from a recognizable b-cast is mainly rigid .
john carradine in small part mainly lurks about .
john ireland plays a hot-headed director ,
faith domergue 's washed-up actress demand attention and charle macaulay ham it up .
the slow grinding premise is crossed between `` ten little indian ''
and your usual zombie set-up .
however its not all that engaging 
even with its occult and supernatural edge .
hell they even throw in some graveyard action 
with no prevail .
when the rotting ghoul makes its appearance finally 
but a bit late .
it does get a little better ,
if very baffling .
just like the inspired opening ,
the ending is deliciously downbeat .
to bad in between ,
it constantly drags .
continuity in many scene comes across non-existent ,
and the death scene are more exciting and bloodier
( but indeed poorly executed )
in the movie they are making ,
then what actually happen to them
when the zombie appears .
the generic music score flounder on with its shuddery 
but frank gothic cue ,
and the camera-work is blandly staged with a lack of imagination .
shoot and frame .
shoot and frame .
job done .
that is a wrap .
