[ no spoiler ] being a david lynch film ,
one could have the idea
that it depicts
that enigmatic mind of his like the majority of his feature film do .
but it is a very straight story
as the title might hint .
do not except to be caught in the usual lynchian void of incomprehensibility
that usually occurs after viewing i.e .
lost highway .
it is a simple film
but it is indeed a great film .
that is both from a innovative and an entertaining aspect .
it is innovative
because it so not lynch .
but maybe that is lynch .
he likes to twist our mind
and therefore puts together a film
that might seem very mainstream and far from lynch himself .
being a very avantgarde director ,
he might just make a film like this just to tease his regular audience
because he knows
what they expect
but he does not give it to them .
that would be crafty.the pace of the film is slow .
i would almost say
lawn mower speed ... do not expect an action orgy ,
but the film is truly entertaining for the one
who go with the flow of the film .
look carefully for those small detail
that lynch plot throughout the movie for our entertainmant .
look for the great cinematography
that makes this film come to life .
and listen to badalamanti 's score and the main theme
that really animates the iowa and wisconsin landscape
shown frequently .
farnsworth puts in one of his best performance in this film ,
making him one of the most likeable ol ' man
ever depicted on film .
he does not have to say anything to express his feeling and thought .
his cheerfulness just shine right through him
and his acting earned him an oscar nomination .
need i say
that his weak health in this film was not acted ?
he was diagnosed with cancer
and shot himself right
after this film was complete .
that knowledge just puts more emphasis on the film
because it becomes more of a homage to farnsworth .
all of the above form a very nice motion picture
that is suitable for all kind of person
that like a film the way
they are
supposed to be done .
one could ask for homily
that are not that obvious and a bit naive
but it does not ruin the overall picture ,
being that it is a memorable motion picture .
9/10 .
