trying to conceive of something
as insipid as the sentinel would be pretty difficult .
the problem are many .
the result is terrible
and loaded with plot holes.michael douglas star as pete garrison 
a secret service agent
who `` took one '' for reagan during the attempt on his life .
year later we find pete assigned to the whitehouse family 
mainly as a guard for the first lady
( kim basinger 
l.a. confidential ) .
trouble arise
as we see pete 's close involvement with the first lady ,
and a sudden threat against the president himself
( david rasche 
united 93 ) .
when pete fails a polygraph test ,
he is singled out as a disgruntled agent by investigator david breckinridge
( kiefer sutherland 
24 tv series )
.as the presidential assassination plot unfold ,
pete finds himself on the run from his own person .
his only confidant is the first lady ,
and she is reluctant to tell anyone about their affection for one another
( which is why pete failed the polygraph in the first place ) .
but is pete really innocent ?
or is he simply trying to buy time
until he can kill the president ?
if he is innocent ,
how can he help prevent the assassination attempt
while running from the secret service ?
the one 
big 
overwhelming problem with this film is that there is no justification for the reason behind the presidential threat .
is not that what the movie 's supposed to be about ?
one would think so !
but the audience is never let in on why the assassin
( s )
want to kill the prez .
hmm .
someone forget to put that in the script somewhere ?
and what is with david breckinridge 's
( kiefer 's )
new partner 
jill marin
( eva longoria 
carlita 's way ) ?
seems that she was put in the film strictly as a piece of a $ $ -candy .
what was her purpose again ?
did
she do anything other than look nice in tight pant and a low-cut blouse ?
there are so many problem with the basic premise of the sentinel
as to be laughable .
the action is too easily stymied by the `` what the ... ? ''
response sure to be uttered by those unfortunate enough
to watch the movie .
