bored and unhappy young babe zandalee
( a winningly sultry and viant performance by luscious unette knockout erika anderson )
feel trapped in a stale and loveless marriage
to failed poet and decent ,
yet dull businessman thierry martin
( a solid and credible portrayal by judge reinhold ) .
zandalee has a torrid adulterous fling with sleazy and arrogant artist johnny collin
( deliciously played to the slimy hilt by nicolas cage ) .
can the relationship between thierry and zandalee be salvaged ?
or is everything going to fall apart and go to seed ?
director sam pillsbury and screenwriter mari kornhauser lay on the tawdry soap opera-style histrionic something thick
while attempting to tell a wannabe serious and insightful story about desire run amok and its potentially dangerous consequence ;
the plot goes gloriously off the rail in the laughably histrionic last third .
the dialogue is likewise hilariously silly and vulgar
( sample line :
`` i wan na shake you naked
and eat you alive '' ) .
better still 
this flick certainly delivers plenty of tasty female nudity
( the gorgeously statuesque anderson looks smoking hot in the buff )
and sizzling semi-pornographic soft-core sex scene
( johnny and zandalee doing the dirty deed in a church confessional booth rate as a definite steamy highlight ) .
the tart'n'tangy new orlean setting adds extra spice to the already steamy proceedings .
with his long 
scruffy black hair 
greasy mustache 
foul mouth 
and coarse manner 
cage 's johnny is an absolute hoot as the single most grossly unappealing `` romantic '' lead to ever ooze his way onto celluloid .
the cast deserve prop for acting with admirable sincerity :
anderson 
cage and reinhold all do respectable work with their part 
with fine support from joe pantoliano as zandalee 's merry flamboyant homosexual friend gerri 
viveca lindfor as theirry 's wise 
perceptive mother tatta 
aaron neville as friendly bartender jack 
and steve buscemi as a funny 
blithely shameless thief .
walt lloyd 's sharp and gleaming cinematography gives the picture an attractive glossy look .
the flavorsome 
harmonic score by pray for rain likewise
hits the spot .
a delightfully campy and seamy riot .
