while the original first blood had its far-fetched moment ,
it was at least exciting in part .
in rambo :
first blood 
part ii the emphasis is shifted very much onto comic-book action .
plausibility is totally rejected ;
logic nose-dife ; stallone becomes so impregnable
that there can be no doubt
he will succeed in his mission .
just like any other wish-fulfilment actioner of that time
( e.g .
invasion usa 
commando 
red scorpion ) 
rambo :
first blood 
part ii cancels out its own opportunity for real excitement by presenting a hero too invulnerable to fear for .
if you can tell from the word go
that rambo is going to wipe out hundred of enemy soldier ,
what is left to get excited about ? imprisoned after the event of the first movie 
john j rambo
( sylvester stallone )
is offered a pardon
if he will join a covert operation in the far east .
the year is 1985 ,
and a mission is being arranged to find out
if there are any american pow still trapped in the jungle of vietnam .
rambo is encouraged to take the job by his old mentor colonel trautman
( richard crenna ) ,
but the assignment is actually the ainchild of a government outfit fronted by marshall murdock
( charle napier ) .
rambo 's job is merely to head for a prison camp in the jungle and check out
if it contains any american pow \u0096
if it does not ,
he is to rendezvous with a chopper ;
if it does ,
he is to get photographic evidence of their existence
so that they can be rescued at a later date .
aiding him in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge 
the beautiful and resourceful co bao
( julia nickson ) .
sure enough 
rambo discover
that there are pow in the camp ,
but he exceeds his order by rescuing one of them
when he reaches the rendezvous point ,
the rescue chopper abandons him on the order of murdock
who ,
it seems ,
does not really want to find any pow
because of the political and military implication .
rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured ,
but following an explosive escape
he sets out
to free the pow
and get his revenge on the treacherous murdock.the few good point of the film come from jack cardiff 's polished photography 
jerry goldsmith 's exhilarating score 
and the sheer professionalism of the stunt team
in performing various action antic .
beyond these scan not picking ,
the film is a failure .
the actor are reduced to macho posturing 
the plot ring false ,
the action sequence are soulless and suspenseless ,
the dialogue is absurd
even the violence becomes numbingly predictable .
at the time of its release america was under the presidency of ronald reagan 
a man with simplistic and near-hysterical anti-communist sentiment .
for this reason 
contemporary audience lapped up this commie-bashing shooting-fest
as if it was the greatest movie of all-time ,
transforming it into an undeserved box office success .
thankfully time have changed \u0096 nowadays
we can look upon it as a simple-minded action flick with a ludicrously high body count ,
ludicrously dumb politic 
and a ludicrous hero .
