josh hartnett 's dead eye 
the thick writing of it 
and harrison ford being in a buddy-cop comedy !
here is 3 reason to hate it ,
avoid it ,
and to utilize 116 minute of your life better.the buddy-cop movie are fun .
however their real golden age was back in the 1980s and the 1990s .
making one
that tries to mix action and comedy through the police of hollywood itself
is sure a good idea
but the final result of that turned out to be not at least a spoof of the subgenre but a reason
to ask god to have mercy upon all the past movie of the same kind whereas
the worst of them was by all mean greater
than ( hollywood homicide )
.what really did happen to this entertaining formula ? !
since a whole decade the thing had not been the same .
you would have a buddy-action stubborn flop after another .
i will delight you with some title to catch on the disaster well :
( i spy - 2002 ) ,
( national security - 2003 ) ,
( taxi - 2004 ) ,
( starky and hutch - 2004 ) ,
and the worst of them all yet
( miami vice - 2006 ) !
i believe
one of the reason is the natural case of saturation after many similar cinematic flick and tv show during 2 decade already .
add to that 
particularly here 
the negligent dealing and the dull humor .
actually the matter this time is totally unbearable .
yes 
we have got the character of 2 loyal cop
who have second job ,
and the background of sinful city ,
but what else was new ? !
it is not about clich\u00e9 ;
it is about few renewal mixed with clich\u00e9s
where both have been badly made.the acting 
especially from ( hartnett )
's side 
is terrible .
this guy is anything but a comedian
( or actor ! ) .
so his character was wanting to revenge for his father 's death !
revenge on yourself man ,
he probably died out of watching your acting ! ! .
even the small role got person
that have nothing to do with comedy
( or that is what they seemed here anyhow !
) .the directing fail in presenting something
that comic or that harsh 
some part managed to be highly dull
( arresting the black guy through the lack ? ? )
; it is a rare time to be boring in what supposed to be action/comedy !
they did not utilize hollywood itself whether as an ironic place where there is ugly face behind the superficial charm 
or even as a place
which 's full of shining or fallen star
( cameos
that could have given it few interesting moment )
.it is a very easy movie
that relayed on being watchable by only its star ' glamour ,
and as being a buddy-cop movie
to end up as one of the worst case of 2 star with non-chemistry on the screen
( one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself !
guess who ? !
) 
and a buddy-cop destroyer more than movie !
god 
do not make me 
or my child 
live enough to witness
( hollywood homicide \u0096 part 2 ) !
at last 
look at harrison ford 's performance 
he wanted to have a good time ,
but at least we did not .
