i have never seen one of these scifi original before ,
this was the first .
i think
it only fair to judge the acting 
direction/production 
set design and even the cgi effect on the other scifi movie .
to compare it to your typical hollywood production
is unfair .
i will say 
however ,
that overall aztec rex was not exactly reminiscent of werner herzog 's masterpiece aguirre ,
wrath of god.i will begin
by noting that 
yes 
i do recognize the fact
that this movie has more to do with culture-clash
than it does with dinosaur .
despite this being a made-for-tv sci-fi movie ,
there is some underlying context to the story
which i shall examine .
the symbolic element included are evident enough.consequently 
as a student of history 
theology 
mythology and film :
i found the dialogue outrageous and the plot theme
to be somewhat insulting .
i am not asking for any mea culpas on behalf of the producer -
as i said
before the movie is what it is .
but what concern me is that much of the younger demographic for this movie probably rely on television to provide them their lesson
when it comes to history and cultural diversity.the main problem manifests itself most visibly with the character ayacoatl
( not a commentary on dichen lachman 's performance ,
but simply how her character was written 
although ,
i will say
she has some work
to do
before she receives any emmy nod ) .
it is through her character
that the spanish european action are justified .
her function in the film as the love interest of rio affirm
that the european way is the right way ,
simply because they are european .
there is really no other reason given .
it is really just left to the assumption
that the viewer is meant to associate themselves with the european over the aztec
because their dress 
language 
ideology 
etc is more familiar to them than the aztec -
so therefore the aztec are portrayed as adversarial and 'backward . '
and it is not simply that the viewer is left with that assumption due to ethnocentric perception on the viewer part ,
but it really seems like the story is trying to convince the viewer -
as if the aztec were not capable of coming up with a plan -
if not a better one -
to lure a dinosaur to its death on a bed of punji sticks.in fairness ,
there is a subgroup of the spanish
who are portrayed as looting temple
and intent on simply abusing the native mesoamerican .
there is also a scene
where we have the christian holy man
noting the achievement of the aztec :
`` they have agriculture 
medicine 
calendar 
etc . ''
- but in the end it is still the aztec warrior
who is portrayed as the main antagonist of the movie 
even over the 'thunder lizard '
( more on that later ) .
he his portrayed as treacherous 
duplicitous and attempt to dispatch the romantic european spaniard by tricking him into consuming hallucinogenic mind altering mushroom - an important spiritual component to certain aspect and religion of the native meso and north american
( again 
more on this later ) so that he can keep the female
he feels belong to him and away from the spaniard .
now in analyzing the true nature of the story
( leaving the obvious christian vs. pagan theme off of the table )
from a symbolic standpoint - a viewer can easily take these so-called thunder lizard to be representative of the mesoamerican ideology/theology ,
which in this movie is portrayed as being one intent on :
bloodthirstiness 
mercilessness 
cruelness 
wicked 
maybe even evil ?
in opposition 
we have this group of christian wanderer ,
led by a young hernando corte
who are portrayed as naive 
yet overall noble ,
lamb caught up in the dark heathen world of the aztec .
also 
the name of the film is aztec rex 
leading one to believe
that it is about dinosaur out to eat person .
however 
what aztec rex translate to is aztec king 
a the head of the aztec state 
or in this instance 'state-of-being . '
( hence ,
why the title of the film was changed ) .
and so who in fact do we see as the new aztec king at the end ?
it is the remaining spaniard 
rio .
aztec rex is in reference to the new european ideology
which overcame 
through disease 
bloodshed 
war and famine 
native american .
rio symbolizes the ideal european -
as the presenter of this film would like them to be remembered
( in opposition to corte
who represents the 'practical-yet-still-noble european ' ) .
but when you examine the holocaust of the americas ,
let us be honest :
do not the symbolic component of this film 's story have it backward ?
i have to say
aztec rex is at worst a little racist ,
or to be kind about it 
ignorant at best.and yes ,
i know
it is just a movie ,
all meant to be in fun 
i understand ,
but so at the end we are left with the idea
that rio was the father of the last remaining aztec line ?
i wonder
what native mesoamerican would have to think about this ending ... as for myself ,
i thought
it was a little too self indulgent.best
supporting performance of the movie goes to ian ziering 's wig -
although conspicuous - it did at least alter ziering 's appearance enough
so that i did not think
i was watching the yuppie from 90210 leading a bunch of conquistador into the heart of darkness .
ziering actually proves himself to be a more-than-capable actor in this movie ,
i actually bought his performance 
or at least i forgot
it was ian ziering anyway .
i do not know whom his agent is ,
but he should get more work.in closing ,
it was also a pleasure to see jim mcgee again .
i have been a fan ever since his all too ief scene-stealing performance in 1988 's scrooged.alexander quaresma - deusexmachina529 @ aol.com
