zombi 3 start as a group of heavily armed man steal a experimantal chemical
developed to reanimate the dead ,
while trying to escape the man
is shot at and the metal container holding
the chemical is eached .
the man gets some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand
which soon after turns him into a flesh eating cannibalistic zombie .
within hour the surrounding area is crawling with the flesh easting undead on the look out for fresh victim 
kenny
( deran sarafian )
and his army buddy find themselves in big trouble
as they stop to help patricia
( beatrice ring )
and her friend lia
( deborah bergammi )
who has been pecked by zombie bird
( ! ) .
general morton is in charge of the situation
and has to stop the zombie plague from spread throughout the whole world !
but will he and his man succeed ?
this italian produced film was to be directed by italian zombie gore film auteur lucio fulci
but the story goes
he suffered a stroke
and therefore could not finish the film
so producer franco gaudenzi asked second unit director bruno mattei and writer claudio fragasso to step in and complete the film .
apparently mattei and fragasso did more than just finish
it they actually disregarded a lot of the footage fulci shot
and added a lot of their own and zombi 3 ended up as nearly a straight 50/50 split .
the script by fragasso is an absolute mess ,
none of it is well thought out
and is just as stupid as it gets .
the scene of zombie bird attacking person are not only technically inept
but the whole idea is just absurd .
the zombie themselves have no consistency whatsoever ,
look at the scene
where patricia is on the idge and the zombie are slow
as they shuffle along
but then look at the scene earlier
on where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete
because
that one runs around like it is on steroid ,
then for no reasonable explanation about 10 minute before the film finishes the zombie suddenly develop the ability
to speak
which also looks daft .
there are so many thing wrong with zombi 3 ,
scene after scene of terribly thought out and ineptly directed action ,
awful character 's and really dull oken english dialogue
which does not make sense half the time .
then there is the embarrassing scene
where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability
to fly through the air and bite someone neck 
the scene
when the guy 's in white contamination suit at the end are about to kill kenny and roger but instead of using their automatic rifle they decide to try and kill them by hand ,
even when kenny picks up a gun himself
they still refuse to use their rifle and when kenny start to shoot them all
they still refuse to use their rifle
and it is one of the most ineptly handled scene
ever put to film
and then there is the end
where kenny takes off in the helicopter but can not rest it down on the ground
for literally a few second
to pick his buddy up and then a load of zombie suddenly spring up from under some pile of grass 
what ?
since when did zombie hide themselves yet alone under pile of grass ?
this all may sound 'fun '
but believe
me it is not ,
it is a really bad film
that is just boring ,
repetitive and simply does not work on any level
as a piece of entertainmant except for a few unintentional laughs.it is hard to know
who was responsible for what exactly but none of the footage is particularly well shot .
it has a bland lifeless feel
about it and for some reason
the maker have tried to bath every scene in mist ,
the problem is they clearly only had one fog machine
and you can see
that at one corner of the screen the mist is noticeably thicker
as it is coming straight out of the machine and thinning out
as it disperses across the scene .
since a lot of it is set during the day
it does not add any sort of atmosphere whatsoever
and
when they do get it right
and the mist is evenly spread across the screen
it just looks like
they shot the scene on a foggy day !
the direction is poor with no consistency
and it just looks
and feels bottom of the barrel stuff .
even the blood and gore is not up to much ,
there is a gory hand severing at the start 
a scene
when something rips out of a pregnant woman 's stomach 
a legless woman
( what actually took her leg off in the pool by the way
and why did not it take the leg off the guy
who jumped in to save her ? )
and a few ok looking zombie is as gory
as it gets .
for anyone hoping to see a gore fest
the like of which fulci regularly served up during the late 70 's and early 80 's will be very disappointed ,
there are not any decent feeding scene 
no intestine ,
no stand out 'head shot '
and very little gore at all.technically the film is poor ,
the special effect are cheap looking ,
the cinematography is dull ,
the music is terrible ,
the location are bland
and it has rock bottom production value .
this was actually shot in the philippine
to keep the cost down to a minimum .
the entire film is obviously dubbed ,
the acting still looks awful
though and the english version seems to have been written by someone
who does not understand the language
that well.zombi 3 is not a sequel to fulci 's classic zombie gore fest zombi 2
( 1979 ) ,
it has nothing to do with it at all apart from the cash-in title .
i am sorry
but zombi 3 is an amateurish mess of a film ,
it is boring ,
it makes no sense ,
it is not funny enough
to be entertaining
and it lacks any decent gore .
one to avoid .
