it is a strange feeling
to sit alone in a theater
occupied by parent and their rollicking kid .
i felt like instead of a movie ticket ,
i should have been given a nambla membership.based upon thomas rockwell 's respected book ,
how to eat fried worm start like any child 's story :
moving to a new town .
the new kid 
fifth grader billy forrester was once popular ,
but has to start anew .
making friend is never easy ,
especially when the only prospect is poindexter adam .
or erica ,
who at 4 1/2 foot ,
is a giant.further complicating thing is joe the bully .
his freckled face and sleeveless shirt are daunting .
he antagonizes kid with the death ring :
a crackerjack ring
that is rumored to kill you
if you are punched with it .
but not immediately .
no 
the death ring unleashes a poison
that kills you in the eight grade.joe and his axis of evil welcome billy by smuggling a handful of slimy worm into his thermos .
once discovered 
billy plays it cool 
swearing
that he eats worm all the time .
then he throws them at joe 's face .
ewww !
to win them over ,
billy reluctantly bets
that he can eat 10 worm .
fried 
boiled 
marinated in hot sauce 
squashed and spread on a peanut butter sandwich .
each meal is dubbed an exotic name like the `` radioactive slime delight 
''
in which the kid finally live out their dream of microwaving a living organism.if
you have ever met me ,
you will know
that i have an uncontrollably hearty laugh .
i felt like a creep erupting at a toddler whining
that his `` dilly dick '' hurt .
but fried worm is wonderfully disgusting .
like a g-rated farrelly other film ,
it is both vomitous
and delightful.writer/director bob dolman is also a savvy storyteller .
to raise the stake
the worm must be consumed by 7 pm .
in addition billy holds a dark secret :
he has an ultra-sensitive stomach.dolman also has a keen sense of perspective .
with such accuracy 
he draws on child 's insecurity and tendency
to exaggerate mundane dilemmas.if
you were to hyperbolize this movie the way
kid do their quandary ,
you will see
that it is essentially about war .
freedom-fighter and freedom-hater use pubescent boy as pawn in proxy war ,
only to learn a valuable lesson in unity .
international leader can learn a thing or two about global peacekeeping from fried worm.at the end of the film ,
i was comforted
when two chaperoning mother behind me ,
looked at each other with befuddlement and agreed ,
`` that was a great movie . ''
great 
now i will not have to register myself in any lawful databasis .
