i have not seen this movie in a while ,
so i am
afraid i can not be very specific about detail ...
it did have some interesting point .
ralph bakshi 's attempt at an animated adaptation of j.r.r tolkien 's masterpiece was a very ambitious project ,
so ambitious in fact
that it went bankrupt at some point during the production .
therefore 
not only does it stop auptly somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy
( with sort of a shade of a hint of a sequel
that was never made ) ,
the film itself seems less than finished .
it seems
that some character were animated
while other
were filmed ,
but whether or not it is intentional is hard to say .
the whole thing seems shabbily made and undone 
especially the orcs and the nazgul .
another problem 
of course 
is the huge gap in the plot .
bakshi was in a rush
to finish this movie ,
and he somehow hoped to cram a book and a half in little more than two hour
( the new trilogy by peter jackson does it in about twice that time . )
far too many important bit were left out
( and i do not refer only to tom bombadil ,
which ,
i think ,
was lovely in the book
but would look silly in a movie . )
and of course 
the ending 
which is completely sudden and out of place .
i am not even sure
if bakshi originally intended to end the film there ,
or if he even had any idea
where he is going to end it.the character ... well ,
most of them were okay .
the hobbit do not look so bad
( except for the gay sam .
did you know
that the producer of the new trilogy originally wanted to make sam a woman
so there would be a feminine lead character ? )
if you are a tolkien fanatic
( like me ) ,
watch this movie
( though i am not too sure about buying it .
what special feature does the dvd version have 
anyway ? )
but know in advance
that you are not going to watch a real 'lord of the ring movie '
but not much more than a historical curiosity ,
which probably looks not much better
than the 60s version would have had the beatle carried on with their plan
( i actually think
a psychedelic lotr could have been quite cool .
the idea was to cast george as gandalf 
paul as frodo 
ringo as sam and john as gollum . )
if you did not read the book
or did not like it much or do not like animation film
or do not want to see a half-finished movie ... stay away .
