as did other in this forum ,
when `` fobidden planet '' was offered in 1956 ,
i rushed to see it .
this story is an interesting phenomenon i
suggest
because young 
old 
male 
female 
sci-fi expert and person
who find such fare 'way out ''
all can follow
and enjoy this film 's story and plot line very well .
this is the first movie set on a planet other than earth in the 20th century other than serial such as `` flash gordon '' .
leslie nielsen was vocally a bit weak for his role 
at that time 
but walter pigeon 
marvin miller 
anne francis 
richard anderson 
earl holliman and especially warren stevens all acquitted themselves very well .
there are so many visual splendor in this one ,
it is hard to choose a favorite from the film 's scene .
the approach to altair-4 
the starship itself 
the landing on the planet 's alien surface 
the descent via extensor stair 
the first view of the landscape 
the approach of the rocket-sled 
dr. morbius 's house
seen from without and from within 
the underground complex and its wonder 
the setup of the weaponry 
the battle with the monster 
the final approach of the unseen destroyer 
the escape from the doomed planet
-- all these scene are etched into the viewer 's mind
because we discover them along with the participant .
veteran cyril hume 's literate script was filmed intelligently by long-time director fred mcleod wilcox with clarity and imagination .
it is a shock
to realize
there is no music at all ;
the film is carried by the word 
the actor and the mystery-revelation storyline .
it can be watched again and again with pleasure
-- i have been doing so for nearly fifty year .
until this famous and well-loved film was created ,
no film had tried to imagine a world beyond earth ;
and for decade afterward 
ship kept crashing back on the planet
-- as if the writer ' imagination were failing
and causing the crash .
still the best ,
many say .
that says
something negative about this nation 's so-called intellectual leader ' imagination
-- and something very positive indeed i suggest about those
who made this gem .
