final score ...
who cares -
it is a reality show .
it has no love for it is audience ,
it panders to lazy tv viewer ,
puts nothing in and gets nothing out .
`` joe millionaire '' 
the most blatantly phony reality show of them all 
is a television disaster of epic proportion .
it is a watershed 
rock bottom moment 
not only for fox ,
but for the american viewing public who actually watch ,
like and talked about this crap the next day .
you person ought to be ashamed of yourself .
because as much as fox promotes this junk it will not make any money
unless it is watch by person
( and boy was it ,
the finale got nearly super bowl number ! ? ) .
it does not bother you person
that there are many quality show written 
directed ,
acted and generally have effort put into them
that are being cancelled
while you sit back and lap up this effortless 
cold game show ?
i used to be a staunch supporter of fox .
it is those of us like me
who like and seek out quality tv
that helped build fox back in the day of married ... with child and the simpson .
conveniently enough 
now neither of those show would make it 6 week with the current management .
the gail berman `` reign of terror ''
as it is often called .
the network has waged war on scripted tv and 
strangely enough ,
it is fan .
the very person
who helped build them in the beginning .
now 
not only do we have to fight for good show ,
but we have to fight against their own network .
it boggles the mind .
nothing fox 
has done in the past 3 year makes any sense .
from canceling hit like `` titus '' 
`` futurama '' and `` john doe ''
( nbc can renew `` boomtown '' ,
but fox can not lift
it is pitiful head
to give the only decent show
they had this season another shot ? ) .
and the reason
they can do all this :
the success of junk like `` joe millionaire '' .
they can now say
`` we do not need you tv fan ,
we have reality show '' .
they apparently seem to have no idea
that the big audience the draw with this junk is fickle
and will abandon them the second the next fad comes along .
to alienate their base like this will eventually kill the network the way
it has set back abc.the show
itself is a joke .
here we have a premise 
in the now classic fox gimmick ,
that promises us something different and edgy ,
but then deliver something not in any way different from `` the bachelor '' or anything on the big 3. fox has gone mainstream .
the finale and `` twist ''
( quote/unquote )
showed
they have no idea up their sleeve .
now we know
that all these show 
no matter how different they look ,
will all end up the same cornball 
fairy tale ending .
we got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actor
that the network picked out of million of head-shot
to fit their demographic parade around like high school bimbo pretending
they liked this evan marriott
because ... well because it was a competition
and that is what you are supposed to do .
marriott himself is like a hideously disfigured chro-magnum man
who struggles to put together the simplest sentence .
but 
how can the woman
( all average to ugly
looking by the way - an important minus is a guilty pleasure show like this ) not fall for `` joe '' with such charming line like `` look ,
you are not stupid ''
.i used to think
that person
who watched these reality/dating/game show
were just to lazy to change the channel ,
but after `` joe millionaire '' i think
they must be genuinely mentally deficient .
come on person ,
have a little more pride in yourself .
demand a little bit more from your entertainment then this.boycott fox .
