i always follow the dakar ,
so
when my husband bought charlie 's 'race to dakar ' dvd home i could not wait to watch it !
of course we 'd seen the oadcast of the race
when the actual race was on ,
but that never gives the background and specific teams.if you watched long way round
then you will not be surprised by the language
which frankly i find more amusing than offensive.i think
the only thing
that annoyed me about the dvd was charlie 's hair ,
but he had it styled
before dakar so my feminine need for neatness was assuaged ;
tho ' i could have lived
without the 'flame ' undy lol as with lwr ,
the preparation was every bit as interesting as the race itself .
i nearly cried
when charlie oke his hand 
and winced at every uise he sustained
while training ... .and of course the death of andy caldicott ...
that was an appalling tragedy ,
but then every year there is something.russ drife me nuts ,
although his attitude has improved a thousand time from the argumentative cynic
he was in lwr .
it is great to see him get along so well
now with charlie.what i
learned from this odyssey was -
1. never let scorpion prepare your vehicle for anything !
- they had month
to prepare the x5 ,
and still the day before the team left for lisbon 
scorpion had only done half of thing
that needed to be done ,
and the vehicle was a pain throughout the whole race ;
2. the dakar organizer need to put a lot more work into their rider/driver retrieval plan - leaving matt
( and presumably a large number of other riders/driver out to dry the way
they did was nothing short of culpable negligence ;
3. charlie has an endearing enthusiasm for 'rough and tough ' adventure
but needs to toughen up a lot
to really perform
as he had like ;
and finally 
4. charlie and ewan are planning another of these epo called the long way down in 2007 ,
and i can not wait to get my hand on it !
:
d
if you love bike and/or genuinely nice bloke 'having a go ' ,
you have to watch this ,
i guarantee you love it .
it is very entertaining.in conclusion 
to simon pavey -
you sir are a hero ,
i was so impressed by the your 'quiet achiever ' manner and the fact
that you actually finished ...
..just incredible
considering what an monumentally difficult race it is .
and to charlie 
matt and the rest of the team - full mark
for pulling it off .
to think
that a relatively green team could have achieved
so much is truly admirable .
you are all wonderful .
