this project was originally conceived as the movie version of popular japanese manga slamdunk !
and that is not something new to jay chou ,
who made his movie debut
playing a character from another wildly popular manga initial d. along the way ,
it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie ,
so hence the title ,
even if the idea was not very original ,
with stephen chow 's shaolin soccer coming to mind with martial art and ball game combined.however 
and thankfully 
those scene
where kung fu actually influenced the game
were kept to a bare minimum ,
and in kung fu dunk 
really quite unnecessary ,
because they do not add much to the plot
nor drum up much excitement ,
and at most offered some cheap laugh and reminisced about the time
when stephen chow used kung fu in football game .
jay chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist fang shi-jie
since it is not the first time
he fought using martial art
( curse of the golden flower anyone ?
) 
and under the stunt direction of ching siu-tung 
he was made to look really believable
as he trashes countless of gangster in a bar
as seen in the trailer ,
just to let you know
who 's boss.that was almost why his character is made a kung fu practitioner ,
and for the fact
of giving him an excuse
for being a top shot ,
able to shoot the hoop from practically any angle .
and with eric tsang as a small time hustler chen-li
who sees his potential
and becomes his agent ,
he joins a university to play varsity basketball ,
but not without the initial objection of team captain ting-wei
( chen bo-lin )
and team star xiao-lan
( baron chen 
in his big-screen debut ) .
but you know with team member on the same side ,
it is not before long they combine their strength
to take on adversary on the basketball court.and i will stick my neck out
to say
that this movie is to basketball
just as how goal was to football .
it made the sport look good
because of its charismatic character ,
despite them dripping so much coolness and aloofness on the court .
here 
special effect and wire-work were employed
to make the actor seem like professional
who can take out a top side in the nba league ,
and in all honesty 
really looked stunning ,
especially when they mimic various dunking move ,
and performing combo-move thank to technology and stunt work .
so in actuality 
the kung fu element do not really have to be in the movie .
the stunt work itself will be able to justify most of the move
as they are quite grounded to reality ,
only having you to suspend belief
that boys of average height have spring in their foot to leap
that height for a professional dunk.pity too
that the number of game were only a handful ,
with the time
spent on plenty of subplot ,
but each were loosely developed and flitted in and out of the story
as and when they please .
thing like the abandoned shi-jie 's quest to use the basketball game
to get his parent to one day attend them ,
that of gangsterism penetrating and influencing game 
and his love life with charlene choi in yet another flower vase role just to look good
and do nothing else .
everyone 's acting a little too cool ,
leaving little room for main character
to add depth .
one of the key theme here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than on individual talent and ability ,
and it could have been ought out much stronger
if the player themselves interacted a lot more off the court ,
than only on it ,
and during competitive game ,
apart from the high-fife and friendly passes.with the us $ 10 million budget ,
it is easy to see
where the money went to - the effect 
in particular 
a massive fantasy sequence at a crucial point in the movie .
it is quite flawless 
nice to look at and probably justifiable on its quality alone ,
but again i like to emphasize ,
that
even without those element ,
the basketball stunts itself would still make this a decent movie with nifty basketball move .
and having jay chou
playing for your team is a big boost to any hope of a box office success .
