the trouble with the book 
`` memoir of a geisha '' is that it had japanese surface
but underneath the surface it was all an american man 's way
of thinking .
reading the book is like watching a magnificent ballet with great music 
set 
and costume
yet performed by barnyard animal
dressed in those costume\u0097so far from japanese way
of thinking were the characters.the movie is not about japan or real geisha .
it is a story about a few american man 's mistaken idea about japan and geisha filtered through their own ignorance and misconception .
so what is this movie
if it is not about japan or geisha ?
is it pure fantasy
as so many person have said ?
yes ,
but then why make it into an american fantasy ?
there were so many missed opportunity .
imagine a culture
where there are no puritanical hang-up ,
no connotation of sin about sex .
sex is natural and normal .
how is sex handled in this movie ?
right .
like it was dirty .
the closest thing to a sex scene in the movie has sayuri wrinkling up her nose and grimacing with distaste for five second
as if the man
trying to mount her
had dropped a handful of cockroach on her crotch .
does anyone actually enjoy sex in this movie ?
nope .
one character is said to be promiscuous
but all we see is her pushing away her lover
because it looks like she does not want to get caught doing something dirty .
such typical american puritanism has no place in a movie about japanese geisha.did sayuri enjoy her first ravishing by some old codger
after her cherry was auctioned off ?
nope .
she lies there like a cold slab of meat on a chopping block .
of course she is not supposed to enjoy it .
and that is what i mean about this movie .
why could not they have given her something to enjoy ?
why does all the sex have to be sinful and wrong ?
behind mameha the chairman was sayuri 's secret patron ,
and as such he was behind the auction of her virginity .
he could have rigged the auction and won her himself .
nobu did not even bid .
so why did the chairman let
that old codger win her and 
reeking of old-man stink ,
get his finger all over her naked body ?
would any woman ever really forgive a man for that ? let 's try to make sense of this .
by being behind mameha the chairman incurred debt for sayuri 's geisha training .
in order to recoup his debt
the chairman had sayuri sold to dr. crab .
through mameha the chairman sold sayuri 's sexual favor to that old geezer
so that the chairman could make some money out of her .
the chairman was not her patron .
he was her pimp !
some romantic love story.ye 
the film is gorgeous
but it is like the beauty of a very attractive 
alluring transvestite
whose voice 
appearance and every touch are thrilling .
but under that very feminine surface lies an ominous secret .
under the incorrectly appearing japanese surface of the film lurks the ominous secret
that the heart 
soul 
spirit and core of this film is entirely american and male .
not the best thing
to be
if it is trying to be other than a lie 
distortion 
and terribly wrong.some contrast between japan and moag :
japanese style \u0096 refined 
elegant simplicity .
moag style \u0096 peking opera.japanese geisha \u0096 hair swept up .
moag geisha \u0096 loose hair
which surely must have gotten all gunked up in the thick paste of white makeup.japanese shaved ice
-
japanese are rather strict about seasonal observance .
shaved ice is strictly a summer treat .
moag shaved ice - the chairman buys chiyo 
the young sayuri
played by the marvelous suzuka ohgo ,
this treat during cherry-blossom-viewing season .
the thought made my entire body shiver with cold.japanese geisha \u0096 trained and skilled entertainer .
moag geisha - sluts.japanese wind chime -
used in the summer
because hearing the sound
it makes ,
thank to the eeze ,
japanese person feel somehow cooler .
moag wind chime - a door bell !
if a person stood in front of another 's house
and made noise with a wind chime
they would be considered a lunatic ,
not gain entrance.japan \u0096 emphasis on human relationship 
group oriented .
moag \u0096 `` i want a life
that is mine '' american individualism.japanese traditional dance \u0096 refined elegance .
an almost geometrical and mechanical precision .
moag dance \u0096 martha graham freaking out on lsd
while wearing a not-very-auspicious white japanese funeral shroud .
performed by a geisha down a ramp in a place
that looks like a strip club ?
ha ha ha !
is a strip club
where they did most of their research on geisha ? japan house fire \u0096
setting or even letting a fire eak out is worse than murder
because it poses such a dire threat to the community .
fire can rip through those wooden village 
town ,
and city destroying hundred or thousand of home
and killing as many person .
moag house fire - great adjunct to a fight scene
but there are zero ramification
and because it is no longer needed the out-of-control fire miraculously puts itself out .
technically the movie ended here
because at the very least sayuri would have been ostracized
and joined her sister among those never heard from again .
which is where both arthur golden and rob marshall should be exiled.enough .
the movie stink .
