the basic premise of `` miami golem '' most definitely deserves a spot in the top ,
say ,
fifty of most demented cinematic plot ever scripted down !
i know
top 50 does not sound too impressive ,
but i have seen a lot of really weird film with lunatic plot .
i was prepared from something convoluted ,
because the film was directed and co-written by alberto de martino ,
who was one of italy 's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film maker .
de martino steal multiple idea from successful blockbuster ,
like most italian director did around that time ,
but he always adds a lot of stuff
to make it even more complex 
confusing and overwhelming .
not all of de martino 's film are worthwhile ,
but some of them are extremely underrated 
like `` a special magnum for tony saitta '' 
`` holocaust 2000 '' and `` formula for a murder '' .
the concept of `` miami golem '' contains element from numerous great sci-fi and adventure flick
( like `` alien '' 
`` starman '' 
`` close encounter of the third kind '' 
`` et '' 
)
but i would not exactly call it a rip-off .
the only thing
that is really shamelessly stolen from another film
is the opening synthesizer theme song
that sounds almost identical to harold faltermeyer 's axel f. from `` beverly hill cop '' .
the rest of the film is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy 
sci-fi 
action 
horror and superhero-movie gimmick .
it certainly does not always make sense
( most of the time it does not ,
actually )
but `` miami golem '' is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film
that kept my mate and i fascinated from start to finish.the plot is extremely difficult to iefly summarize
but i will try anyway .
sceptical journalist craig milford is reporting the story of a german scientist
who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial dna inside a crashed meteorite
and managed to clone it .
the dna cell belongs to an evil alien force
that already exterminated another interstellar race in the past
and it will unquestionably destroy the whole of mankind as soon
as it grows large enough in size .
if this is not problematic enough already ,
the rich mr. anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus
because he thinks
that he can manipulate it
and use it
to obtain world domination .
with the help of some good alien in an earthly disguise 
craig milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the evil fetus .
okay 
i know all this sounds grotesque and silly ,
but i assure
that `` miami golem '' is in fact a light-headed and easy digestible flick .
the first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing ,
because alberto de martino attempt to keep the plot secret through the use of preposterous red herring .
there are subliminal ghostly appearance 
supportive character behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and at a certain point there are even speculation about the lost continent of atlantis .
this is all misleading padding material 
however ,
and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear `` miami golem '' turns into an ordinary early 80 's popcorn action movie with bloody massacre 
flamboyant chase sequence
( in the florida everglades !
) 
explosion 
gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus-monster in jars.now 
i really do not want to raise the impression
that `` miami golem '' is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of italian exploitation cinema .
make no mistake ,
this is a pretty bad movie !
the event only become endurable
if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot
and if you do not succeed in that ,
well than this is just a non-stop spitfire of negative aspect .
the acting performance are painfully awful .
particularly b-movie veteran john ireland 
as the archetypal jame bond villainous character 
does not seem the least interested in the script .
you can tell from his grimace
and by the way he delivers his line
that he also thinks
the whole production is retarded
and simply signed up for the paycheck .
laura trotter is probably the least sexy female lust-object ever ,
and the person
who drew the marvelously chaotic vhs cover
must have felt exactly the same way ,
because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie .
what an embarrassment this must be for mrs. trotter .
still 
her completely gratuitous nudity sequence compensate for this ,
as she is quite hot from the neck down .
and 
finally 
there is the unforgettable scene
where david warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol !
i do not think
even john rambo can do this ,
while he is a beefcake vietnam veteran and warbeck 's character is a simple tv-reporter .
