mild spoiler contained herein .
i am spoiling this film
to save you the trouble
of having to watch it .
jet li 's movie fall into one of two category :
shaolin period movie and movie set in modern-day hong kong revolving around triad or triad like organization .
each genre has its best and worst film .
`twin warrior ' is jet li 's best shaolin era flick
while `the evil cult ' is his worst .
`fist of legend '
while in the recent past is the best `modern era ' jet li movie .
`black mask '
without a doubt is the worst.jet li
plays a self-exiled mercenary
who received an injection
that gives him superhuman ability ,
but shortens his life span .
in his `new life ' in exile he plays a pacifist liarian .
when his old mercenary squad goes on a rampage ,
jet li becomes a vigilante determined
to stop them .
he dons a very silly corrugated cardboard mask so
as to conceal his identity from the police
( and public )
as a liarian 
as well as to conceal his true identity to his ex-comrade in arms.the version i saw
was dubbed 
and horribly at that .
why does jet li capture and hold hostage his liary co-worker
if he is a pacifist ?
is there a love story between them ?
why does the police chief not care
when he learns of the black mask 's true identity ?
the plot is just plain bad .
bad by way of the superhero cheesiness 
bad in the sense
that character are never properly developed 
bad in its character interaction ,
all topped off by a half-explained story i
quickly lost interest in .
the action and martial art sequence are way over the top .
lot of blood 
gore
( severed body part aplenty ) 
explosion ,
and matrix style superhuman martial art fiasco are present in the film .
unfortunately this is the film best
and only selling point .
if you want to see jet li
playing a vigilante superhero in a mission impossible style movie `black mask ' deliver .
for the rest of us jet li fan
it is a true disappointment .
this is one of those movie
where jet li never gets to be jet li :
he gets neither the chance
to charm us with his charisma 
nor a chance
to impress us with his impressive yet realistic martial art ability .
normally a chinese knockoff of ozzy osbourne would be enough to engross me in a film ,
sadly `black mask ' proved to be an exception to that rule .
indeed the antagonist of this movie ,
by the way
he dresses ,
his long straight hair ,
and trademark round sunglasses looks like the modern and aged ozzy osbourne .
however the villain is not on-screen long enough
to make the gimmick worthwhile .
i am assuming the likeness to ozzy was intentional ;
in addition to the villain 's look 
he also ran a satanic looking hideout .
so much more could have been made from the ozzy osbourne villain gimmick !
if only the writer 
director 
or anyone had bothered to give a background
to and develop the character of the film 's arch villain ! `black mask ' was the first jet li film
released on video in the usa after lethal weapon 4 ,
and i am glad i stayed away from it until now .
it may well have ruined my whole perception of jet li as a martial artist and actor .
if you want to see jet li at his worst 
rent `black mask ' and `the evil cult '
and make it a double feature or horror 
both intentional and unintentional .
otherwise stick to move
that utilize the talent of jet li ,
and have plot
that are semi-well thought out and plausible .
3/9 star .
