a very young ginger roger trade quick quip and one liner with rival newspaper reporter lyle talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from poverty row film maker allied production .
the movie opens with a wealthy businessman
taking a header from the roof garden of a high rise apartment house ,
or was it from a lover 's apartment ?
roger actually has two identity at the film 's outset 
that of miss terry 
the dead victim 's secretary 
along with her newspaper byline of pat morgan .
mistakenly phoning her story directly to ted rand
( talbot )
instead of her paper 's rewrite desk ,
she gets fired for her effort
when her boss learns
he is been out scooped.here
is a puzzle -
it is revealed during polouse inspector russell 's
( purnell pratt )
investigation of harker 's death
that terry/morgan had been employed as his secretary for three week .
why exactly was that ?
after the fact it would make sense
that she was there for a newspaper story 
but before ?
clue are dropped regarding harker 's association with a known mobster conveniently
living in the same apartment building 
but again ,
that association is not relevant
until it is all linked up to janitor peterson
( harvey clark ) .
and who 's making up all the calling card with the serpent effecting a hsss ,
with the word `` you will hear it '' cut and pasted beneath ?
apparently 
the hissing sound of a snake was the sound
made by the apartment house 's radiator system ,
which peterson used to transmit a poisonous gas into the room of potential victim 
such as mrs. coby in the apartment below harker .
but in answer to a question
posed to inspector russell about mrs. coby 's death ,
he replied
`` apparently '' to the cause of strangulation.it is these rather conflicting plot point
that made the movie somewhat unsatisfying for me .
the revelation of janitor peterson as the bad guy of this piece comes under somewhat gruesome circumstance
as we see him stuff the unconscious body of miss morgan in the building 's incinerator furnace !
however ,
and score another point against continuity ,
we see miss morgan in a huge basement room as peterson ignites the furnace ;
she made her getaway ,
but how ?
and still pretty as a picture .
and who gets to make the collar off screen
if none other than milquetoast polouse assistant wilfred
( arthur hoyt ) ,
who in an opening scene
fell over his own foot
entering a room.sorry ,
but for all those reviewer
who found `` a shriek in the night ''
to be a satisfying whodunit ,
i feel
that any charlie chan film of the same era is a veritable `` the usual suspect '' by comparison .
if you need a reason to see the film ,
it would be ginger roger ,
but be advised ,
she does not dance .
