this film is very creepy indeed .
unfortunately 
not for the reason
the film maker would hope.there is a mastermind serial killer too ,
but he is not what is creepy either .
he is just your standard comic book villain 
a cross between hannibal lecter and freddie kruger ,
though with nothing particularly fresh
to add to either .
incidentally 
for even the vilest and most reprehensible of criminal 
can they be detained chained in a stress position 
on their foot 
arm outstretched 24 hour a day week in week out ?
i suppose in the world
that gave us abu ghraib and guantanamo bay 
anything 's possible.no ,
what is really creepy about this film is the central character 
danny .
this unappealing young man 
aided and abetted
it is true by some ludicrously lax security arrangement and a doctor entirely careless of any notion of professional ethic or patient confidentiality 
wander into the hospital room
occupied by what can only be described as a highly vulnerable and defenceless young woman 
and on the basis of nothing whatsoever
( her chronic sleeping preclude from being able to give anything like informed consent )
imagines himself to have some sort of special relationship with her.seemingly within day ,
he has arrogated to himself the right to abduct her 
believing
( completely falsely ,
as we discover )
that he is better able to care for her than anyone else ,
and within minute of getting her back to his apartment 
is sexually molesting her
though she is ( again due to her sleepiness )
entirely unable to consent or resist.our suspicion
as to why he would feel
this connection are pretty soon confirmed .
he is of course more or less unable
to form any mature adult friendship ,
let alone sexual relationship ,
so instead falls back on this essentially infantilised woman ,
who because of her permanent sleeping has a mental age corresponding to a lived experience of only a few year .
the scene
where she discovers ice cream
is particularly cringe-making ,
and the coyly knowing look
she gives him
when he gloatingly says
he will have to clean her up again
causes a particular shudder of horror .
but again 
i am afraid ,
not that shudder of horror the film maker were hoping for 
but a much more straightforward spasm of revulsion .
we can all see clearly
what is on the end of our fork here -
it is the paedophile 's perfect dream of innocence 
sexual compliance and utter dependence .
horrible 
horrible 
horrible.what else have we got in this mish mash ?
twisted dreamscape not quite as good as del toro .
the compulsory `` you need to go to the police '' argument ,
where the lead character always has a reason
for not doing so
even though it is the only sensible course of action .
the automaton sequence 
much praised in the comment here 
though completely and utterly pointless
( `` it serves no function !
`` 
as sigourney weaver memorably protested in galaxy quest )
and looking to me just like the abominable doctor phibe rehashed in one of the saw derivatives.jeffrey combs does his best though 
so a star for that 
and a couple more
because you have to keep lower ranking for film
that are even worse than this ,
and in general this is well-shot and competently performed .
