this drama is unlike sex and the city ,
where the woman have a few drink and share their sexual encounter with each other .
its much more personal and person can relate to it .
its much more engaging and emotional on a new level than other dramas
focusing on woman and their life like `` sex and the city 
lipstick jungle ... . ''
dr. katie roden 
is a psychologist with a dark secret ,
she seems much more depressed and guilt ridden than the rest of her 3 friend .
she is dealing with the death of her former lover
who was her patient
while tackling his son 's advance on her .
her some clothe and empty and cold house convey her inside emotion very well .
trudi malloy 
a widow is battling issue with `` letting go '' of her dead husband from 9/11 .
and when a handsome stranger 
richard shows an interest in her
she is suddenly forced to do a reality check by her friend
who suggest
that she gets back into dating business .
the ridiculous and embarrassing courting scene between richard and trudi are totally funny !
it is interesting to note
that richard asks her out the day
she gets a million from the 9/11 board for her husband 's death..let see what his intention are siobhan dillon ,
a lawyer is fed up of her husband 's love making tactic
which only involve `` baby making ''
( as they are having trouble conceiving )
and she quickly falls for her colleague
who offer his `` service '' a little too willingly to her
and she does not hesitate for long !
it will interesting to see
whether she will continue her affair or patch up with her husband
( played by raza jeffrey ) jessica ,
a real estate business woman is single and is straight ,
until she organizes a lesbian wedding
and has an affair with one of them .
her character is shown as a bold and provocative woman
who before her lesbian encounter is having sex with a `` married man '' 
her colleague .
let see where her character venture to ... .the beauty of this drama is that we are shown 4 totally different woman with different scenario ,
whose ambition and inhibition are shown .
its also a good thing
that the drama reveals the fact
that sometimes friend lie to each other
to be `` safe '' !
