making a book into a movie
by following the story page-by-page is never a good idea .
when person read the book ,
they automatically start making their own `` mental movie ''
of who the character look like ,
the place they exist in ,
how the situation progress .
and everybody 's mind's-eye opus is different ,
which is why
when the 'real ' movie finally comes out ,
you are always going to have a ticked-off segment of the movie-going audience
who are disappointed
that it just does not measure up.all a screenwriter and a director can hope to accomplish is whatever their own vision of the movie is ,
and hope
that it comes as close as possible
to what their audience is expecting to see.there is no better case for this situation than the movie
based on the novel of stephen king .
when filmmaker capture at least the essence of his story ,
the result can be eathtaking and truly terrifying
( carrie 
'salem 's lot 
the dead zone ) ,
or they can be what fans consider to be a gawd-awful mess
( kuick 's version of the shining ;
the miniseries for it and the tommyknocker ) .
although it is not even close to being the perfect king adaptation ,
pet sematary has so many moment of just skin-and-bone-deep unease
that seemed to have bled onto the screen directly from the book ,
that you can pretty much forgive its shortcoming .
for that 
we have music video-turned-film director mary lambert to thank ,
( she also directed siesta ,
not exactly a horror movie ,
but another freaky-as-hell must-see you should put on your list ) ,
working from a screenplay by the 'man-ster ' himself ,
and probably one of his better ones.since the majority of you know the story ,
i will not put you to sleep with too many of the detail .
dr. loui creed
( dale midkiff )
has moved his family out to the perfect house in the country .
well 
almost perfect 
except for two nasty little detail :
the dangerously busy stretch of interstate highway out in front ,
and the large pet cemetery in the wood out back .
since loui is a veterinarian
and has a young toddler for a son ... well ,
even if you have not read the book ,
do the frickin ' math .
it is a king story ,
after all ,
so no mystery
where this is headed .
it is not so much the destination
that counts here ,
but the spooky stop along the way .
certain scene
that are so familiar from the book
are ought to shivery 
scream-inducing life here :
rachel creed 's
( star trek 's denise crosby )
horrific memory of her terminally ill 
crippled sister ; loui 's encounter with the mortally injured jogger victor pascow
( brad greenquist ) ,
both before and after his death ; the trip into the `` other '' cemetery beyond the pet cemetery .
and that third act ...
if it does not give you a few nightmare ,
maybe you should check your pulse.good performance by all here 
especially the late fred gwynne as the well-intentioned neighbor 
jud crandall ,
who gets the best line in the story
that sums it all up :
`` sometimes 
dead is better .
`` about the only problem with the movie version is the casting of loui 's son 
gage
( miko hughe ) .
knowing
that it would be damn near impossible
to get the kind of performance
needed from a kid
that age
to seal the deal on this ,
lambert and crew still did the best
they could ,
and unfortunately 
hughe at the time was just too damn cute to `` sell '' his intended role as an evil 
demon-possessed zombie .
this takes you out of the movie
whenever he shows up ,
though the scene
where he is featured
are still masterfully staged ,
( especially gwynne 's death scene .
)
other than that ,
everything else is still about as good
as it gets .
carrie still holds the title for best king adaptation as far as i am concerned ;
but sematary is right up there in the top five.still ,
will anything adapted for the screen
based on a king book
be as terrifying
as reading the story ?
not bloody likely ... for now .
