first 
i will give my rating for the series overall ;
******* 7 out of ten star .
i have taken away three for the downhill slide this series suffered after john amo departed .
do not get me wrong
there were hard hitting episode later
but only after esther rolle left for a season and returned.in feuary of 1974 
a really great sit-com
( with dramatic overtone )
premiered on cbs .
it was a tv first ,
a show about an african-american family
living in the chicago project in the 1970s .
created by norman lear as a spin-off of `` maude '' ,
he once again struck the right chord with viewer .
not since this show have i seen a situation comedy directly talk about the struggle of inner-city family .
( well 
there was fox 's `` south central '' in '94
but was not renewed . )
john amo as jame evan sr. was the ultimate father figure for this family
and acted as any father should to keep his family together
and his kid from going down the wrong path in life.esther rolle was a wonderful no non-sense mother figure
who was on the same page as her husband
when it came to their kid upinging .
ralph carter as michael a young but very ight young man for his age
but stuck in a school system
that does not meet his academic need .
his character 's name is the same as the show 's founder mike evan
who was lionel jefferson on `` the jefferson '' .
( mike evan passed away dec. 2006 )
.thelma is a young girl of 16 or 17
and has to deal with the danger
of being a young woman in the street of the ghetto .
jimmie walker as j.j. evan jr. is the typical young wise-cracking 
jiving kind of young man
who does not take life seriously enough.simply put ,
all my favorite episode are with john amo ,
with the exception of the penny gordon/janet jackson story lines.after the demise of the jame evan character ,
the show lost
it is stability and viewer departed .
esther rolle left for an entire year 
not wanting to play second fiddle to jj 's smart-aleck `` dyno-mite 's '' !
she returned the next season ,
after securing a guarantee
that the writer 's would even thing out .
florida 's neighbor wilona wood was a divorced woman
who ended up adopting an abused little girl penny gordon
( played by a then 10 year old janet jackson ) .
penny 's abusive mother was played by totie field ,
kim field ' mother.in august of 1979 the show came to an end ,
with all leaving the project for a better life .
jj the artist had sold an idea to a comic-book company ,
michael went off to live on campus at college .
wilona and penny 
thelma and football player husband keith + florida all moved into the same building in uptown chicago .
not the most realistic ending but by that time it did not matter .
