i wonder what audience of the day thought
when first laying eye on walter jack palance
( blackie ) .
certainly he looks like no one else of the time ,
that skull-like face 
flattened nose 
and elongated body
-- even now he remains an unsettling presence .
and what could be more appropriate than his emergence out of those dingy new orlean slums
that appear to fester like the plague blackie is loosing on the city .
i am just sorry
he did not have more scene.the movie
itself is very skillfully assembled\u0097 the morgue 's black humor 
the widmark- douglas interplay 
the un-touristy location ,
the battle among officials\u0097all are woven into a tensely realistic thriller with a menace unlike other of the time .
even widmark 's domestic scene
that put a woman
( bel gedde )
on the marquee manage not to be too disruptive .
director kazan certainly shows his aptitude for helming a studio
( fox )
product 
no matter
how he may have felt about the commercial aspect.widmark does a solid low-key job as the public health officer .
but my money is on the one- and-only zero mostel .
was there ever a sweatier performer
who could squeal louder or get pushed around more than the bulky fall guy
( e.g .
the enforcer 
1950 ) .
that scene with mostel ,
where palance argues with mostel 's shrewish wife
( liswood ) ,
is a gem of frantic subservience
as mostel try to pacify each like some berserk pinball .
too bad he lost so many year to the blacklist .
( i wonder
if it was the voluble kazan
who named him .
)
but it is not only the professional
that add color .
the local add both character and authenticity 
especially the two asian guy
interviewed by the cop .
that whole scene has an improvised air ,
as if kazan recognized their potential and fashioned a nifty little scene on the spot .
then too ,
that colorful hiring hall with all the deck hands is pure inspiration .
and what about those flea-bitten coffee shop
that have me running to the nearest denny's.anyway ,
the movie is still a well-staged 
riveting thriller with an apocalyptic air
that oddly foreshadows many of today 's mega-hit .
