far from providing the caffeine kick
you would expect from a film
that share its name with the most energy-boosting of warm beverage 
coffy clunk about and never really rises above being just a ropey revenge tale .
indeed ,
if the movie was a cup of coffee ,
it would be rather weak and watery ,
littered with a few undesirable dreg
and lacking in a lingering aftertaste .
sporadically it hits the spot ,
but otherwise it is not the hot action-drama
it hopes to be.plot-wise ,
coffy is a nurse
who takes the law into her own hand and deliver hard justice to the drug-pushing 
lady-pimpin ' 
mob-sucker
that hooked her younger sister into a depraved 
sick state .
socio-political commentary on the plight of urban black youth in america is prominent in coffy ,
and it makes for some thought-provoking stuff as coffy crusade against the political corruption and white establishment racism
that profit and act as a parasite off the targeted afro-american minority .
sadly 
the timely message are undermined by the film 's poor quality and lack of focus .
coffy 's idea are important ,
it is just that they are not well-aimed.one of the plus point of coffy is the presence of blaxploitation icon pam grier .
grier goes at her role with gusto
and makes for an appealing action heroine
as she shotguns down the scum in her often spectacular act of vigilante violence
( how do you deal with a house full of hood ?
drive the car right through the front door ! ) .
it is just a shame
that the storyline waver on occasion 
wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible .
the low budget can not have helped ,
but neither does the fact that for a blaxploitation flick 
coffy lack groove .
just as the issue are undermined by the lack of quality ,
consequently the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moment of dullness and misdirection.the total result is workmanlike and wooden .
we get a hip heroine but not a hip movie .
it is a shame
as coffy has its moment
and should rightly be regarded as a key film in the blaxploitation craze ;
it just never ascends above being an average 
lukewarm number .
