an absolutely illiant film !
jiri trnka 
the master of puppet animation 
confront totalitarianism in this 
his final 
film .
it would be banned by the communist czechoslovakian government
( at the time ) ,
despite taking the country 's highest animation award.in this dark and entertaining short film 
an artist attempt
to create a new pot for his favourite plant .
he happily makes his creation
while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose .
all of a sudden ,
he here is a knock at the door ,
and in comes this giant omnipotent hand ,
that tries to force the artist
to make statue
in it is likeness .
the artist resists as best he can ,
but he eventually becomes overwhelmed by the constant attempt 
by the hand ,
to force him to conform .
he becomes ainwashed ;
an intellectual zombie .
at this point the hand attaches string to the artist ,
puts him in a cage ,
and uses him to make hand statue .
all the while glorifying the artist 's work and awarding him with medal and honours.the artist 's inner lust to be able to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination 
and enables him escape his prison ,
whether it be literal or in his mind ,
and return to his home where he now must live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand .
he shuts himself in ,
thinking
he is out of the reach of the almighty hand ,
but in the process he puts his plant and pot up high ,
hoping it is out of the reach of the hand ,
and it ends up falling on his head ,
killing him .
the artist is inevitabally destroyed by his own creation .
all
because of the constant fear
he had to live with once
he escaped the hand 's string .
once dead 
the hand paints the artist as a great person 
a national hero .
unfortunately not in the circumstance or for the reason
that the artist would like to be remembered.trnka 's condemnation of totalitarian society ,
and their lack of right for free expression is dark 
damning and an amazingly animated .
it is no wonder
the government banned it
as this is the sort of medium
that person admire 
and would perhaps even listen to .
that was obviously not acceptable .
an amazing example of an artist civil disobedience and the impact it can have .
and still quite relevant today for many part of the world 
from the us to the middle east .
a must see and definite 10/10 !
talk about going out with a bang !
