the larger-than-life figure of wyatt earp and bat masterson 
and the specter of george armstrong custer and sitting bull 
loom over director anthony mann 's hugely entertaining first western with jame stewart .
although stewart 's quest to avenge his father 's murder is the primary story ,
winchester '73 is really an ensemble piece 
with the eponymous 
one-in-a-thousand firearm passing through the hand of many colorful owner ,
including a wry trader
( john mcintire 
especially great )
and outlaw dan duryea ,
who 's even more despicable than usual .
the film 's conflation of fiction and history produces a eezy pace and an ambivalent tone illiantly in step with mann 's pared-down 
compositionally rigorous film-making .
his theme of psychological unrest and past dictating present faintly underlie this tall tale of good and bad man
chasing after a fabled gun ,
but they starkly emerge in a vignette about a husband 's cowardice and failed attempt at atonemant ,
and are defined in stewart 's conversation with sidekick millard mitchell .
mann 's use of environmant is what sets him apart from other filmmaker of western .
instead of gazing at vista from afar ,
he incorporates them into the drama as character
that redirect 
complicate 
or evoke the human character ' goal .
just as mountain 
cave ,
and rapid had to be accounted for in the naked spur ,
here a gunfight occurs amidst the loose rock and boulder of a small mountain 
a physical obstruction
that fatalistically determines the role of victor and victim between two equally skilled sharpshooter .
( i would be remiss in not recognizing cinematographer william h. daniel 's contribution 
particularly his superlative day-for-night 
open-range photography . )
not merely an adept outdoorsman ,
mann present an equally vivid picture of wyatt earp-patrolled dodge city 
primarily through scaled 
multiple-plane staging .
the shooting contest does not depend on isk camera shift or twitchy cut for effect
because mann instinctively knows where to place the camera
and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot .
nor does he care to spell out the plot in dialogue ,
relying on the actor ' eye or a well-chosen image to convey the stake .
one scene in particular serve to explain his attitude :
mitchell 's telling of stewart 's motivation to shelley winter ,
which is interrupted by the climactic gunfight
that soon enough reveals all .
light
without feeling insubstantial ,
intense
without being overbearing ,
winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporary
and is a joy to behold .
