i watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channel ,
and
while watching it i quickly wondered why i bothered .
in all honesty i really did expect something more from this film .
maybe something along the line of 'conspiracy theory ' .
why ?
maybe because of the casting .
i mean 
nicolas cage and harvey keitel 
after all .
not to mention jon voight and christopher plummer .
now i am wondering ,
why did they bother ?
but instead of an absorbing action cum mystery drama i was caught up in a pastiche of eakneck sillines a l\u00e0 'the goonie ' ,
which to my great surprise appears to have garnered some actual critical praise .
perhaps it is because 'the goonie ' was clearly targeted toward the pre-teen and teen audience .
whereas 'national treasure ' 
judging from the preview 
was seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience.suspension of disbelief is one thing .
it is how one can enjoy sci-fi and horror .
but i found myself
actually resisting the heaping tablespoon of paranoid and conspiracy-laden tripe
being shoved at the audience .
oh 
the screenwriter threw around all the jargon intended to evoke a sense of serious engaged wonderment .
`` wow !
the mason .
the knight templar .
you know 
this could really be true ! ''
i think
the writer really lost me
when gate said
the founding father hid the treasure to keep it out of the hand of the british !
and just were did the knight templar come from ?
new jersey ?
oh 
i forget .
from france !
which goes a long way
to explain
how it ended up in philadelphia during the revolution .
it was ought there by agent of napoleon !
anyway 
you see what i am getting at .
the premise of the movie is interesting .
and i really do think
it could have succeeded as a serious mystery drama .
but it just comes off as another kid flick in grown-up clothing .
in the end i think
it asks
the audience not simply to suspend belief but to render itself willfully ignorant to an insulting degree.i
have just finished watching several item by werner herzog and istvan szabo .
it is a shock to switch from fine dining to hollywood big mac and fries.okay 
okay .
if you pant over chase 
explosion 
and 'gee-whiz ' gimmickry you will enjoy 'national treasure ' .
but it is the sort of movie 
well ,
have you ever stood outside a cinema waiting
to get
in while the previous audience comes out ?
and all the young kid are talking excitedly among themselves
and saying thing like 
`` wow !
did you see how
that thing blew up ?
that was so cool ! ''
'national treasure ' is that kind of movie .
