first 
this was a brave film .
i have seen irreversible
and can understand the comparison .
however 
i can not begin to understand the person
who 've trashed this film .
i can see how the end may have come off extreme
but i would be lying
if i did not say
i wished that every guy
who 's ever forced a woman into sex deserved
exactly what jared got .
conversely 
it did not solve anything or make anything better and the fact
that the film does not pretend to is what made me appreciate it.the comment prior to this one
called the film pathetic
and claimed no adult would stick with .
i certainly did and intently .
i am 24 year old .
the way
the film drag made it realistic to me .
person have become so used to eye candy and fast paced plot on screen
that
if you ask them to concentrate too long on one ick in the foundation of a film ,
not only do they lose interest ,
they demolish whatever
has been built ,
and call it rubbish .
when in actuality it is their lack of patience and comprehension
that needs fine tuning
and not the product of a creative mind
such as talium lugacy's.rosario dawson displayed the numbness of self-destruction flawlessly .
i think
she portrayed maya pre and post assault with great ease
and the transition between the two is an act i rarely ever see done well .
often time 
much like the film
`` aimed at teen '' mentioned in the prior comment ,
the effect of rape are displayed as either extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressed 
isolated and lifeless .
dawson 
in my opinion 
manages to perform the balancing act so many survivor fall prey to :
drone-like existence in the waking hour ,
working some dead end job
to survive
( and distract )
and then overindulging in vice in order to lose themselves in the haze of substance abuse rather than face what soiety ings.i thought
this film told the truth and i appreciated it for finally showing person a different side of rape .
so many person let the end of this film devour the middle and the beginning ... i believe
that maya 's face during the act was the end ...
not the act itself ... not the vengeance or the meaning behind it ... just her face ... thank you
