i read
that jessie matthew was approached
and turned down co-starring with fred astaire in damsel in distress .
jessie matthew in her prime never left her side of the pond
to do any american musical film .
if they had teamed for this film
it would have been a once in a lifetime event.it
is a pity
because damsel in distress has everything else going for it .
fred astaire 
story and adapted to screen by author p.g .
wodehouse 
burnsandallen for comedy ,
and song by the gershwin brother .
in answer to the question
posed by the nice work
if you can get it ,
there is not much you could ask more for this film.except a leading lady .
though ginger roger made several film away from fred astaire ,
damsel in distress is the only film astaire made
without roger
while they were a team .
young joan fontaine was cast in this opposite
astaire.her character has none of the bite
that ginger roger 's part do in these film .
all she basically has to do is act sweet and demure .
she also does not contribute anything musically .
and if i had to rate all the dancing partner of fred astaire ,
joan fontaine would come out at the bottom .
the poor woman is just horrible in the thing are looking up number .
when she co-starred later on in a musical with bing crosby ,
the emperor waltz ,
it is no accident
that fontaine is given nothing musical to do.the version i
have is a colorized one and in this case i think
it actually did some good .
the idyllic lush green english countryside of p.g .
wodehouse is really ought out in this vhs copy .
especially in that number i mentioned before with astaire and fontaine
which does take place in the garden.burnandallen on the other hand as a couple of old vaudeville trooper complement astaire in grand style in the stiff upper lip number .
the surreal fun-house sequence is marvelously staged.p.g .
wodehouse 's aristocracy runs the gamut with constance collier at her haughty best and for once montagu love as fontaine 's father as a nice man
on film.the biggest
hit out of a damsel in distress
is a foggy day
maybe the best known song about the british capital city
since london bridge is falling down .
done in the best simple elegant manner by fred astaire ,
it is one of those song
that will endure as long as london endure
and even after.overlooking the young and inexperienced joan fontaine 
a damsel in distress rate as a classic 
classic score 
classic dancing 
classic comedy .
who could ask for anything more ?
