there is not much more i can say about this movie than all of the commentary on page one 
except - as jesse says
- `` it is the berry '' .
all of page one 's commentator wrote eloquently - as almost so
as the dialog is in this movie .
this just may be one of those illusive thing
we hear so much about ,
but usually are made so by the actor
who deliver the line :
a beautiful script .
maybe robert redford did hold strict sway onto the actor/actresses during the filming of this movie ,
so that the beauty of the story would not get lost.i 
too 
attended church
when i was very young and into my late teen .
the church 's pastor spoke very eloquently and quietly as the rev .
maclean did in his church .
that 
in itself 
is a totally different picture
that is portrayed of southern baptist church - no holy-rollering in my church .
it was a big church ,
with many different program
to keep its congregation busy
- the most inspiring perhaps was the music-department with its huge choir and almost classical anthem .
too 
the sunday evening-congregation was almost entirely younger person .
are you even aware
it was once safe to go to church on sunday night ?
how i wish it still was !
watching `` a river runs through it '' is very much like going to hear a beautiful sermon in a church
whose member are fully involved in life .
as has already been so beautifully written ,
the sermon for this movie is the open-space beauty of montana - yet ,
are not there also missile-silos there 
too ?
fly-fishing or any other activity
which draws family-member
closer together for a happy life - and deep understanding of one another - becomes a blessing .
although you see some of the shadier aspect of life then 
too 
the simplicity of the story paints a lasting impression on your heart ,
if you let it .
speakeasy and prostitute are counter-balanced by the simple gathering of old-fashioned 
community picnic
as this movie contains - in heavy contrast to modern family
taking their kid to disney land for screeching joyride
and calling it `` a day together '' .
there is noting wrong with that 
but as `` river '' demonstrate 
some of its taciturn beauty could do nothing but make life richer .
this is the third film i
have seen in which tom skeritt
( ? )
plays a father 
all different style and illiantly acted.brad pitt 
mostly an undiscovered talent except for `` thelma and louise '' and `` meet joe black '' 
and all of the cast-member deserved many award .
little story superbly told will get 10-of-10 from me over any movie with violence 
foul language 
uglines and `` action '' .
i am thinking particularly of `` crash '' and most of `` arnold 's '' movie .
what a savior for peace this movie is .
