i loved this film .
not being a swooning ed wood jr. fan ,
i prefer to appreciate his `` boundless enthusiasm ''
and acknowledge his shortcoming .
his movie are fun ,
but his personal story is one racked with pain .
i hoped ,
and was delighted to find ,
that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life ,
rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise .
from beginning to end 
this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology ,
leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to ed wood jr.what
we get are person
who knew ed wood the best
talking about him from all perspective 
positive and negative ,
and showing us their character as much as ed 's .
we get insight into ed 's personal and professional life :
from his romance ,
to his drinking 
to his sexuality 
to his friend 
to his enemy ,
and even to his film making.the film itself is shot in a low-budget way
that seems done out of respect for ed ,
as if using the technique of most theatrically released movie from 1996 would be disrespectful
( sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the president ) .
the set designer uses a sense of humor
and also a great deal of insight
when matching each cast member with their background.fan will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding ed wood controversy ,
and new comer will be amazed
that this man was real .
the dvd is full of impossible to find gem
( `` crossroad of lorado '' and photo gallery ) ,
but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging
and interconnected story.ed wood had a habit of defining person through their association with him
( for better or worse ) ,
to the point
where one woman will go down in history as `` swimming pool owner ''
for once letting him and his friend be baptized in her pool .
this ability
to define a person 's legacy comes through universally ,
as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man
that was ed wood jr. ,
but also to give a comprehensive view of the community
that he created .
somehow ,
without ever having more
that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time ,
the connection
that ed wood created amongst the various person in his life becomes clear ,
and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement.even the title hint at the b-list horror genre 
but by the end ,
we see
that even this is a kindness .
what begins as unrelated story by random person ends with the conclusion
that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive faic
that history will ing into haunting unity with wood 's legend.in many way a living contradiction ,
ed wood jr. could not be condensed to a single viewpoint .
this collaborative effort is the closest
to knowing him
that we can ever get .
being itself a juxtaposition of theme ,
it is at once respectful 
provocative 
thoughtful 
gripping 
fun 
sad 
kind 
and fulfilling .
