in reviewing this film i can only go by my experience
as a weekend warrior doing my basic training in july 
august 
and september of 1971 in that garden spot of the earth 
fort polk 
louisiana .
take the high ground was not anything like i
remember
basic training.but one has to remember at the time this
was post korea
which ended in a stalemate ,
but it was a conventional war
as we knew them .
it was not vietnam 
a jungle guerrilla war
where we kept pouring draftee into an endless pit .
the draft at that time was an unwelcome ,
but accepted as still necessary for the country 's defense.richard widmark is a veteran of korea
now assigned state side
to train the troop
to go overseas .
the film is about one of his training cycle and the man of the platoon
he has to train .
they are the usual kind
you would find in just about any war film from the previous decade .
one thing i will praise take the high ground
for is the fact
that mgm recognized our army was now an integrated one with the presence of william hazard as a black recruit in the platoon .
it was in keeping with the spirit of the time
which were a changing.but i
will say
that a recruit like russ tamblyn would have been cured of his smart mouth from day one .
richard widmark would have not risked death or becoming a eunuch in order to give jerome courtland confidence with a weapon .
and no way would have he worried so much about robert arthur deserting .
he is have just let the mps deal with him.of course
being shot in and around fort bliss and el paso ,
texas did give take the high ground good authenticity .
but view it as an army recruiting film
and you can certainly understand
why the governmant so eagerly gave cooperation back in the day.i do remember
the drill sergeant having their little conflict
which you could pick up on
when you were not worried about them getting on your case for something
which was 95 % of the time .
but there are not no way
that karl malden would have slugged widmark out in the open during training in front of several witness among the recruit .
both would have realized
that would have undermined authority ,
something the military just does not let happen.i wish
i could have said
something better about take the high ground
because i certainly like its talented cast ,
it is talented director richard brooks 
even the silly theme by dimitri tiomkin and ned washington 
fresh from their oscar a year before for high noon .
the film actually got an oscar nomination for best screenplay and story by millard kaufman .
it must have been for kaufman 's vivid imagination .
