so 
has it really come to this ?
are we ,
as consenting adult 
to blame for the next generation of cinema-goer lack of cinematic understanding and celluloid capability ?
concerning the wayan and co. latest addition to the moving picture scenario ;
little man .
this united kingdom p.g .
( parental guidance ) ,
anyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult 
certificated movie ,
is the epitome of what has now developed into the worse case of dumbing down
since cigarette were `` wiped out '' from picture of movie icon of the 1950's.the predominantly under twelve 's audience here
who ,
some without grown up supervision too ,
sat there 
obediently ,
taking it all in ,
oblivious to their subject
and the partly grown up feature that little man portray 
in part at least too .
movie 
in general 
can do better than this poor attempt ,
while this nonsense is getting them
in while they are still young and fresh ,
the biggest fear for the future of cinema is that a child 's ignorance just might carry on through to a grown up bliss .
cinema deserves more than this ,
and so do its ever growing ,
and in the literal sense too 
audience 
this blatant cash cow feed on the ever-impressionable mind of the young.there is no cinema experience here ,
no open eyed wonder 
no awe-inspiring respect to the magic of movie ' .
there is nothing but bewilderment and contempt 
for the lack of substance 
originality and its delivery of mind less tedium and parody of everything
that is so now ultimately wrong with the hollywood machine 
for the sake of a quick buck 
we must endure our future cinema audience to the like of this archetypal disaster movie.will this have the like of hitchcock 
fassbinder 
leone 
kuick and schaffner reeling in their grave ?
money they all liked 
no doubt 
but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality 
and to a vast degree 
respect for their profession and audience ,
they were never short off .
we are seeing 
once again 
with the work of the wayan clan another clich\u00e9 of bad taste ,
while the like of white chick
( 2004 )
were in no doubt a stab at the bourgeoisie of american society .
the irony here is that the two leading protagonist 
played yet again 
by the wayan other 
are so much undercover ,
that all recognition is non-existent ,
this makes for a better movie too ,
and it is the actor terry crews
that gives white chick its substance and personality 
not the wayan.yet again 
with their pastiche of 1970 's blaxploitation movie 
as with the 1988 movie i am gon na git you sucka ,
this to can be seen as a comical and amusing movie 
with heavy weight as isaac haye 
jim brown 
bernie casey and the gorgeous actress ja'net du bois .
the point being ,
that little man has absolutely no persona of any kind what so ever ,
he is shallow and narcissistic 
with no appreciation or value toward his follower ,
he quickly dives in takes your money
and
before we know it ,
has hidden himself within the cog of commercialism .
there is no recognisable effort
as to where our money has been spent ,
after scary movie
( 2000 ) ,
thing could only have gone up ,
but alas they did not 
no great pondering of artistic value and no doubt
that the instalment from these intrepid movie moguls ' next movie shall be straight to video ,
one can only hope.the wayan seem to have created a movie genre all by themselves 
to a certain extent ;
they have bludgeoned to death the movie parody ,
they have watered down each and every avenue and with their inevitable style .
they have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last one hundred year
that cinema have given us ,
may the ghost of movie past be ever so humble in their judgement ,
as their growing audience 
so far 
seem to be ,
for when the bubble burst 
may they be as understanding too .
