featuring a few of hammer 's all-star 
this highly effective slice of british horror revolves around a house and the fate of it is previous tenant ,
whose story are all told to a scotland yard detective 
in search of a missing actor.story number one ,
which is probably the least impressive of the four 
deal with a writer and his wife
who 've just moved in the house and plan
to stay just for a short time
so
that he may write one of his horror novel .
he creates a demanted character
named dominic ,
who 's a very creepy looking strangler ,
and soon finds himself going mad
as he starts to seeing this beastly
looking man everywhere
he goes .
after his wife convinces him to seek psychiatric help ,
a sub-plot is introduced
which frankly ,
did not really work for me .
i will not spoil it for you.the next story
( the best in my opinion )
stars the wonderful peter cushing as philip grayson 
a man
who 's moved into the home for his retiremant year
and soon makes his way to a nearby wax museum
( that deal in the macae )
where he is very startled
to find a wax figure
that looks exactly like a woman from his past .
soon thereafter 
an old friend
( who also has a history with this woman )
is in town for business and drop by to see him .
the two man are in for a rude awakening
as they soon discover
that there was more to this woman
than meets the eye.story three stars one of my very favorite ... christopher lee ,
who plays john reid .
after moving into the home with his peculiar daughter jane 
the nanny
that he hires becomes awfully suspicious as to the way reid suppresses his daughter .
well come to find out ...
if she knew
what lee did ,
she would have certainly understood.the final story is a rather light-hearted vampire tale
that stars john pertwee and ingrid pitt .
after buying a cloak from a mysterious merchant ,
actor paul henderson finds himself turning into the very creature
that he is portrayed several time in his career.overall ,
the pacing and direction were very good ,
as was the most of the performance .
there were nice gothic touch here and there and an effective score
to complemant the ambiance .
this one 's a keeper ,
and comes highly recommanded .
