i can not add an awful lot to the positive review already on here
- great acting 
balanced writing 
multi-faceted character 
a great anti-hero in tony 
great commentary on millennial american life .
the integral use of psychiatry coupled with tony 's mother issue are especially fresh and humorous .
several other character add a lot of depth - hesh 's interesting history as an outsider muscling in 
ralphie 's total irredeemable viciousness 
chris ' dual desire in life ,
and so on.i have to dig into some of the criticism however 
especially the 'it glorify violence/belittles italian-american ' one.most of the writer and actor are italian-american ,
would they attack themselves ?
there are several positive italian-american character - artie bucco the chef 
dr. melfi and her family and the cusamano next door to the sopranos .
indeed 
dr melfi 's ex-husband note in season 1
that only a tiny minority of italian-american have ever
had mob connection
( certainly smaller than the proportion of african-american
involved in crime ,
dare i say it .
in both case poverty and lack of opportunity are the biggest cause )
.most of the character do not really choose the life
they have ;
family background or circumstance largely corner them into it .
outsider
( even of italian stock )
who attempt to integrate into it usually meet distressing
end - matthew and his friend in season 2 
for example .
if you criticise this show ,
i assume frasier made you want to be a psychiatrist ,
or will and grace made you want to go homosexual ?
presumably you will not listen to rap music
that discusses gang 
or r'n'b
which discusses promiscuity 
or rock music
which discusses drug
( or any other combination ) ?
person are not as stupid
as some of you make out ... .not everything is perfect however .
a lot of character have only appeared once ,
when by all logic
they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episode -
tracee the dancer 
meadow 's friend ally 
uncle junior 's ladyfriend
( supposedly for 20 year
until they split in season 1 ) .
