did i step in something
or is that bad smell coming from dayeak 1 + 2 ?
god was behind everything ?
what has god got to do with sci-fi ?
god is only the answer
when you can not think up a sensible explanation for something .
in fact 
this is exactly the problem with the series finale -
they obviously could not think up sensible explanation for the multitude of big question
that were raised throughout the series such
as how kara thrace come back from the dead in a and new viper ,
how her old viper and charred body ended up on earth 2 ,
why baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head ,
why 6 has an imaginary baltar in her head 
etc .
so they explain
it with `` angel '' or just do not explain
it at all.the plot of the last 2 episode had hole big enough
to fly a basestar through .
for example 
why does galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission
to rescue one girl
( hera ) ,
particularly after adama said
there was no way
he had attempt a rescue ?
because they found out the location of the cylon base ?
that is not a good reason
to sacrifice the crew 's life .
and how did ander know the location ?
and what was the point of the flashback to the major character ' life before the war ?
it is like they forgot to do it earlier
so they threw something in at the last moment.the person
who wrote
the last two episode could not have been the same writer
who created what has been so far a sensational series .
feel
like the script writing was take over by evangelical christian on a mission to spread 'the word ' .
forget trying to tie up the loose end in the plot ,
the important message the writer wanted to get across is :
do not put your faith in technology
as it will lead to your destruction ;
god is your ultimate salvation
( tough luck
if you have an illness
that needs medical treatment )
.imagine in the final movie of the star war series
they tell
you there is no `` force '' ... instead 
a jedi actually gets his power from jesus .
then they fly their spaceship into the nearest star
and go live in the forest with the ewok .
would this be a good ending ?
no it frakken ' would not .
