i admit to liking a lot of the so-called `` frat-pack '' movie .
no matter how bad they are ,
i can find something to like about ben stiller or owen wilson or vince vaughn
or will ferrell or jack black .
but `` envy '' just left me about as cold as the white horse
that ben disposed of .
this time 
it is ben and jack black as a couple of nutty neighbor 
one of whom
( black )
discovers a aerosol spray
to make animal poop disappear
and becomes incredibly wealthy
while the other
( stiller )
writhes in envy .
that is supposedly the plot ,
but then it veers off in other direction
that do not really make much sense.i
guess
the 'vapoorize ' thing is sort of amusing at first .
the problem is ,
they try to sustain the gag for the whole picture
( black has a license plate
that reads 'caca king ' )
and it gets fairly tiresome .
but even ben and jack are used poorly ;
the energy level for both of their performance seems significan notly dialed down .
the two best performance by far are rachel weisz and chris walken .
walken 's neo-hippie-dippie guy is so offbeat
and so well-modulated a performance
that it really never suggests any of walken 's other familiar nutcase character .
it is completely unique ,
yet comes across as unmistakably walken .
and weisz is about the best actress in the business
that nobody knows about .
even with limited screen time 
she still dominates every scene
she is in.the whole crux of the so-called drama is that ben 
in a jealous drunken stupor 
accidentally shoots jack 's prize white stallion ,
and then goes to ridiculous length
to cover it up ,
fearing his best friend will find out
and cut him dead .
but the plot twist is not believable
because there is nothing about jack 's character
to indicate
that he would do such a thing .
he plays such a sweet guy
that it renders the whole excruciating horse chase null and void .
you discount it completely .
it is all filler .
and what is the point of the out-of-control merry-go-round ,
except that barry levinson wants us to know
that he is seen `` stranger on a train '' ?
the screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two lead poorly directed .
someone with levinson 's track record should know better .
maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear .
oh 
wait 
they already have .
