in what would be his first screenplay ,
based on his own short story
`` turn about 
''
william faulkner delivers a bizarre story of loyalty 
sacrifice 
and really strange relationship .
the story originally was about only the tone 
young 
and cooper character ,
but mgm needed to put joan crawford in another picture
to fulfill her contract ,
and faulkner obliged
by creating a female role .
crawford insisted
that her line be written in the same clipped style as her co-star ' young and tone ,
leading to much unintentional hilarity as these three communicate in a telegraph-like shorthand
that sounds like a monty python sketch
( `` wuthering height ''
performed in semaphore ) .
seriously 
the almost entirely pronoun-less sentence make ernest hemingway read like henry james.the film also reflects some familiar faulkner theme 
with an almost unnaturally close relationship between other and sister
( as may be found in his `` sanctuary 
'' and elsewhere ) .
when young propose to crawford ,
in tone 's presence 
in lieu of an engagement ring all three exchange their childhood engraved ring with one another .
the closeness of tone and young is also noticeable ,
especially as they go off to their thelma and louise fate .
frankly 
it is creepy.not as creepy to this new yorker 
however 
as the recurring theme of the massive cockroach 
wellington ,
which crawford cheerfully catch
( and which is shown gamboling over her hand
--
i had to turn away ! )
and young turn into a gladiator .
blech.that being said ,
there are some nice performance .
young is particularly engaging in a scene
where he is taken up in cooper 's fighter plane ,
and roscoe karn is delightful as cooper 's flying buddy .
tone ,
despite his inability to express himself through realistic dialogue ,
has a nice moment ,
dashing away his own furtive tear over his buddy young 's fate .
crawford 
stripped of meaningful dialogue as well ,
mostly comes across
as either wooden or melodramatic ,
which is quite a balancing act for one role.the battle scene
-- not surprisingly 
for a howard hawks film --
are the most exciting part of the entire picture .
but not enough .
as far as i am concerned ,
this is 75 minute of my life i am
never going to get back .
