watching floored by love one thought comes almost immediately to mind ,
`` my god this looks like a really bad sitcom . ''
sure enough ,
it turns out
that fbl is a pilot for a series
that may start this fall in canada ,
poor poor canada.cara
( shirley ng )
and janet
( natalie sky )
are a lesbian couple
living in vancouver .
janet has come out to her mother
already but cara 's parent are still in the dark about their daughter 's homosexuality .
the pressure is on to out herself
though when the parent come from malaysia for her younger other 's wedding .
that same week british columbia legalizes gay marriage .
with janet wanting to wed 
cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative chinese parent
that is she is gay .
will she ?
would she ?
could she ?
cara 's situation is contrasted with that of jesse
( trent millar ) .
jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen .
his biological father daniel
( andrew mcilroy )
is coming for a visit soon .
his stepfather norman
( michael robinson )
fears
that his chance
of finally being fully accepted by jesse
are harmed by the fact
that daniel is gay
and he is not .
will dialing 1-800-makeover help ? the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 's program along with the overdone physical emoting .
the full house-style melodrama is enough
to make you wince from time to time and the attempt at comedy largely fail .
mcilroy 
millar and sky are the only performer
that approach competency in this miscalculation
but given the material
they have to work with ,
it is no surprise that none impress .
it is possible that the campiness was purposeful .
it often seems like there is no way
the performer are really that bad ,
that they must be trying to mimic the inferior sitcom of day yore .
if this is indeed the case
than this review should probably be rewritten .
the rewrite would focus on floored
by love
being a poor
and ineffective send-up of old sitcom.writer/director desiree lim has put together a by-the-number bland-fest
that is entirely forgettable .
there was a time
when merely having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough
to make a mark on the screen .
that time is gone .
in this day we need quality as well .
