the acting in this movie stinks .
the plot makes very little sense ,
but from what i gathered it is supposed to be about this scientist
who develops the ability
to turn person 's personal item into tiny steel ball
that then fly into their mouth
and turn them into zombie
( or blow their head up 
whichever ) .
and the effect are lousy 
too .
most of the movie consists of bad music 
with the actor dancing equally as badly to the bad music ,
interspersed with multiple boring sex scene .
this should be one of the worst thing
ever made 
but for one thing .
one element of shear illiance
that makes `` nightmare weekend ''
stand above all other .
and that special quality is the presence of george.george is the lovable interface device between the scientist 's daughter 
jessica 
and the home computer security system .
with his green hair and nose 
balding scalp 
and heart-shaped mouth 
george is the guardian angel/confidant to jessica ,
who asks him for advice
on how to meet guy in one of the most dramatic piece of dialogue ever captured on celluloid .
with his monotone synthesized voice 
george tell jessica what percentage of male prefer woman in white dress ,
and also that hitch-hiking is the third best way
to meet guy after discos and bar .
of course 
little jessica just can not seem to stay out of trouble ,
causing george to execute `` emergency program code :
protection jessica '' ,
which result in the violent death of jessica 's would-be assailant via one of the aforementioned steel ball.kuick was an utter fool
for thinking
he could give a computer personality
using closeup of a red light .
hal should have been represented by our friend george in order to better translate compassion for his eventual demise .
the light and sound show at the end of `` close encounter '' ?
not bad ,
but how much better would that movie had been if the means of first communication with the alien had been george the hand puppet .
bishop 
datum 
r2 \u0096 kitchen appliance next to the almighty george !
he might only be in the movie for 8 minute out of 90 ,
but do not be fooled .
this show is all about george .
with even that limited amount of screentime 
george joins the rank of such luminous film character as hollywood montrose 
majai 
and pappy from `` new moon rising '' as icon of american cinema .
`` george to apache '' \u0096 you are my hero .
