`` the intruder
( l'intrus ) ''
is a visual pilgrimage through a mysterious life .
grizzled michel subor play `` louis trebor '' like jason bourne as an old man with a hidden past ,
living simply in an isolated hut in the wood for justifiably paranoid reason
( but attracting pretty young woman
who can be useful to him ) .
we learn more about him through dream 
flashback and a journey
that may unfold chronologically or not 
as well as through his usque interaction with family 
lover 
business associate and a striking nemesis .
like `` the limey 
'' the film resonates with parent/child regret and a suspicious past revealed through clip from an old film with the same actor as a young man
( here paul g\u00e9gauff 's 1965 adventure film `` le reflux '' )
.in a complete contrast of mood ,
we meet his son sidney
( gr\u00e9goire colin )
who has to be the sexiest house
husband in the world ,
as he sweetly and seductively does household repair and care for a baby 
a toddler and every need of his working wife .
surely director/co-writer claire denis must have created him as a woman 's fantasy
if ever there was one and a lesson to other filmmaker on filming foreplay .
there is an additional extended scene
where he seeks his father in the wood
while carefully carrying his angelic baby in a pouch .
he is everything his father is not and has every relationship his father is incapable of sustaining ;
no wonder
he thinks
his father is `` a lunatic . ''
i spent the rest of the film in dread
that something bad would happen to him as the true nature of the heart of his alienated father is very gradually played out
before our eyes.the film is a puzzle ,
but subor is ruthlessly fascinating
as we watch him traverse country and negotiate nefarious deal ,
and the voice-over narration for denis 's `` beau travail '' was annoying anyway .
we have to figure out from skyline and incidental signage
that he is traveling to geneva 
korea and the south pacific .
time passing is indicated by the season changing and scar being created and healing .
there are lot of image of water for cleansing and for distancing .
continuing her fascination with the morphing of colonialism into globalization 
as well
as playing a bit on stereotype of the mysterious orient and russian criminal ,
denis has incorporated element from robert louis stevenson 
paul gauguin and marlon brando 's tahiti idyll and a 40-page memoir by french philosopher jean-luc nancy 
the last for the title and heart-transplant plot
used for an ironic theme of limited immortality
which does have consequences.while `` louis ''
thinks
he is succeeded in being above boundary 
rule and moral ,
there is some amusement in the last act
as the local do not quite know what to do with him
and try to help him solve his quixotic odyssey ,
even as he again lies in isolation.several person in the audience left in frustration at the elliptical 
but strikingly beautiful 
story telling method .
the unconventional narrative does raise a lot of plot question on detail .
