this period melodrama is one of griffith 's earliest claustrophobic film .
character trapped within a room
are prevalent throughout his work and ,
as time
went by ,
he would become increasingly adept at portraying their helplessness
and involving the audience in their terror .
in the bluntly titled sealed room
there is one major difference to the normal plot line ,
in that there truly is no escape.griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two way .
first is his use of space .
while the typical biograph short might utilise a dozen or more set ,
the sealed room features only two adjoining room \u0096 the king 's court and the dove cote
that becomes the eponymous tomb .
the set design in these short is rarely referenced ,
but here it is crucial .
the court is a large interior ,
with a backdrop hinting at greater depth
and showing us a window and a staircase .
actor enter and leave from various direction ,
suggesting
the room is not only spacious but also free and open .
by contrast the dove cote 's back wall is very close to the camera ,
and the angle in it suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape
make it seem even more confined.the second technique on display here is the cross-cutting .
anyone with an interest in griffith 's work will probably know about his heavy use and development of cross-cutting
to build excitement or tension .
many will also know
that strictly speaking
it was not his invention .
however what makes griffith 's cross-cut so effective is the way
he paces the opposing image
so they complement each other .
the sealed room contains a good example of what i mean .
the shot of the mason shifting
the heavy ick have a slow ,
step-by-step pace to them 
with tension building
as the wall gets higher .
this movement is matched by the shot of the blissfully unaware lover ,
in which marion leonard tear off flower petal one-by-one .
as the couple realise their predicament 
their rising panic is complemented by the opposing shot of the king madly thrashing his sword against the wall.at this point ,
griffith was yet to realise
that the action could be heightened further by introducing a third strand to the cross-cut .
the dramatic `` ride-to-the-rescue '' 
here absent 
was later to become a standard climax to griffith 's picture .
