singleton has some serious issue
he has to come to grip with .
i get the feeling
that
he thinks
he is pretty smart ;
however ,
this movie is almost comically transparent and self righteous .
in addition 
there are a bunch of `` might-makes-right '' message
like when our local nazi jerk get beat up .
i mean ,
who in their right mind is going to root for a bunch of nazi jerk ?
however 
he way
singleton portrays the `` fight '' is downright silly
and seems to be designed to show us more the superior fighting quality of the black protagonist than anything else .
there is another `` bad guy ''
( in reality a drunken frat boy )
who rapes one of the movie 's protagonist .
in this instance 
i think
that singleton actually does a nice job portraying what is probably an all too common situation
when the woman involved asks the frat boy
to use a condom
and he either does not have one or does not want to use one .
in any event 
he does not accede to her demand
that he stop
and he proceeds to have intercourse despite her plea .
i think
that this type of rape is all too common
and in fact many uniformed person refuse to accept the fact
that it is even a rape .
well 
no means no ,
this is a rape ,
which probably occurs a lot in university across the country.having established the rape ,
how does singleton deal with it ?
when the frat boy tries to call the woman ,
her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone ,
at which point the frat boy calls the roommate a `` black bitch . ''
the aggrieved roommate appears to appeal to a counsel of ice cube 
et al ,
who then proceed to physically humiliate and abuse the frat boy into repeated and prolonged `` apology '' to roommate for his racist remark ;
however the
( apparently in singleton 's mind )
lesser crime of rape is not mentioned .
again 
no one really should feel sorry for the frat boy ; however 
singleton seems to be sending a dual message
that a racist comment is a greater offense then rape
and in any event violence is justified against jerk.what is so ultimately so disappointing is that this movie could have truly been about something important but singleton ,
while no doubt a talented director ,
does not appear to have the maturity or depth to pull of something of this magnitude .
