it follows block-head and a chump at oxford 
two film
that are hard to top .
not that sap at sea is a bad film -
it is the last good comedy
( unless one insists on jitterbug or another of the later film )
that laurel and hardy made .
it is just that it is a toss-off little film ,
without the crazy destructive crescendo of block-head or the astounding sight of stan 's `` real '' personality in a chump at oxford to revel in .
at 57 minute it is shorter than the other two film a bit ,
but that actually is not a bad point for it .
it has just enough time
to it to hit the right note .
it is just not as special as the other two.stan and ollie work in a factory
that manufactures horn .
i suspect
that there was a bit of chaplin influence in this sequence
( one recalls a similar assembly-line incident in modern time
only four year earlier ) .
ollie 's nerve finally snap ,
and he goes on a rampage .
he goes home
and ( naturally )
his roommate stan does not help - stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument
( you have got
it - a trombone ) .
after beating up the poor professor ,
ollie has problem with the incompetent janitor/engineer
( ben turpin in a nice ief appearance ) ,
and then faces his doctor
( jimmy finleyson )
and his nerve tester
( a balloon
that inflates
as you push air out of ollie 's stomach ) .
finleyson announce
that it is a bad case of `` horniphobia '' ,
and ollie needs a vacation with plenty of quiet and goat 's milk .
they end up going to a ship
but ollie and stan know nothing about seamanship -
so they plan to sleep on the ship .
unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it eaks and the ship sails off .
also unfortunately 
on board is richard cramer 
an escaped dangerous criminal .
this is not going to be a peaceful vacation.sap at sea
( like a chump )
could have been three short 
one at the factory 
one at the apartment 
and one on the boat .
each would have been a successful short ,
and they all make a funny film -
but the stitching of the part together show .
there are some very amusing moment in the film - the discovery
of how turpin 's ineptitude causes various mishap with water tap and stove in the apartment ;
the accidental remark of building manager charlie hall
when stan or ollie run by him and ask for direction
( `` can you help me find the basement ? ''
ask stan - `` certainly ,
you can not mis it -
it is downstairs !
`` 
says hall ,
who realizes what a stupid comment
he just made ) ;
and cramer 's mistreatment of his two hostage slave .
he calls ollie `` dizzy '' and stan `` daffy ''
( an allusion to the dean brother of the st. louis cardinal team of the 1930s -
see dan dailey 's the pride of st. louis ) .
cramer has the boy cook him up some food -
and they make a synthetic meal
( boot lace for spaghettus 
for instance )
to get him sick to be overpowered .
when he realizes what they have done ,
he forces them to eat the meal themselves .
their reaction are illiant.sap at sea is not on par with the top line of laurel and hardy film ,
but it is a good film on the whole ,
and a good conclusion to the best year of their film career
( 1927 - 1940 )
when they were with hal roach .
in the immediate couple of year
before it appeared the boy
and roach had serious problem
involving production cost
( our relation ,
where stan was producer on the film ) ,
artistic problem
( scene from swiss mis
were cut meaninglessly ) ,
and contractual argument
( leading to ollie appearing with harry langdon in zenobia ) .
stan and ollie hit back with the flying deuce ,
wherein the production was not roach 's but boris morro ' .
at last a two picture deal of a chump at oxford and sap at sea concluded the argument and problem - and on a high note
the boy left roach .
unfortunately they never found any subsequent film relationhip with a producer
as satisfactory as this had been .
