military training film are becoming so common
that they are becoming a genre unto themselves .
among the more prominent we have 
`officer and a gentleman ' 
`top gun ' 
`gi jane ' 
and now `man of honor ' .
the fact
that this one happened to be true does
not change the fact
that the formula is the same .
this film is probably most like `gi jane '
since it focuses on the desegregation angle.the story is actually quite inspirational
and is probably the best human-interest story among those mentioned above .
carl brashear
( cuba gooding 
jr. )
is unquestionably a man of great courage and principle 
and his strength of character shine through ightly in this film .
unfortunately 
director george tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the character and eschew character development of various character other than brashear in favor
of showing brashear in a constant state of adversity .
billy sunday
( robert de niro )
is a central figure ,
and except for the initial scene 
the fistfight and a couple of scene with his wife ,
we do not know much about him .
for instance 
brashear sees the scar on sunday 's palm
and we are to assume
that he worked a plow ,
but there is no follow-up on that point .
mr. pappy
( hal holook )
gets only one short scene
by which we can judge him .
the rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting .
if a director is going to make a human-interest story ,
he needs to humanize the character.cuba gooding jr. gives an outstanding performance as brashear .
this is probably the best i have seen him .
this is a role and a character
that is far more complete than any part
he has played before ,
and he rises to the occasion .
in `jerry maguire ' 
rod tidwell was a fascinating ,
but one-dimensional character with the depth of a rain puddle .
brashear is much more complex and grounded ,
and the issue he faces are life crisis ,
making the part far more challenging .
this is an excellent recovery from gooding 's last role in `chill factor ' 
a film so dreadful
that it was almost an act of professional suicide
to take the part.after a stint
trying his hand as a comedian
( `analyze this ' 
`the adventure of rocky and bullwinkle ' ,
`meet the parent ' ) ,
robert deniro is back to his dramatic root with an outstanding performance .
deniro is not a bad comedian ,
he is just such a great dramatic actor
that
it seems like
he should not waste his time doing comedy .
deniro endows billy sunday with a rock hard personality belying a tortured soul .
it is a pleasure watching him work .
it seems every film i watch lately has charlize theron in it .
i saw `the legend of bagger vance ' 
`man of honor ' and `the yard ' right in a row
and i was beginning to wonder
if she had a part in every film in 2000
( actually 
she only did five ) .
this was a minor role for theron ,
but she carried it off well
and managed to stay with deniro step for step .
david keith ,
who co-starred with richard gere in `officer and a gentleman ' ,
has a cameo herethe dvd has some interesting special feature ,
including reflection by the real carl brashear and some deleted scene.i enjoyed this film
despite the hackneyed plot and the one-dimensional presentation .
i rated it a 7/10 .
i am a sucker for underdog story
and i have a fondness for story
where strength of character is the central theme .
this film is particularly strong in both area
and ings us two memorable acting performance
that compensate for some of the director 's shortcoming .
