i am still trying to determine
whether the previous installment was worse than this one 
or vice versa .
being
that it is nearly fifteen year since i saw this film ,
the fact
that i remember so little about it
does not bode well .
perhaps it is simply because i only watched it once or twice ,
but i doubt it .
if there was anything worth remembering about this film ,
you can rest assured i would remember
it.at the time this film was released ,
the franchise was still entering its dying phase ,
so a lot of medium coverage was allotted to it .
it is never a good sign
when teenie pop magazine contain explanation of the plot basic .
one such article had to explain
that freddy was left too weak to infest the dream of grown human ,
so he decides to go after alice 's unborn son .
so far 
so good ,
but this is the job of the writer or the director
to explain to the audience .
it should not be left to some unrelated publication.making use of the trivia
given in part three about freddy 's conception ,
one could half expect scene
that would lift this joke out of the `` horror for infant '' category ,
but ala 
that was not to be .
it goes to show the sheer idiocy of the american rating system
that a piece of b'harni-esque garbage like this could get the same rating as a genuinely frightening piece like the original.by this time ,
the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career .
fortunately 
or unfortunately depending
on how you look at it ,
lisa wilcox was there to provide a quotient of competent acting .
or perhaps she just looks competent by comparison to the rest of the cast .
either way ,
given
that her last role was in something
called the all new adventure of chastity blade ,
i doubt
she really had anything else going for her .
even poor old robert englund has been in better production than that in the past fifteen year.given
that box office return
were in a steady decline ,
and not just for this franchise 
at the time 
one would have thought
that the studio would realize
neutering their film does not make them more saleable .
in fact 
this particular film 
like its immediumte predecessor 
was so neutered
that not only did it fail to attract a new audience ,
both succeeded in alienating the core audience
that originally supported the franchise .
despite this ,
part five must be given some credit
for not having the ight ,
luminescent feeling
that made part four so insulting
to look at.i
gave a nightmare on elm street part five a one out of ten .
by trying to appeal to everyone 
or the mpaa 's idea of everyone ,
it succeeds in appealing to noone .
like part two and four 
one could erase it from the continuity entirely ,
and nobody would notice the difference .
