imagine the plight of richard 
a painter ,
whose real passion is flying .
when we first meet him ,
he is seen atop a building in london wearing his home made wing .
he has ripped his canvas and other work 
at the height of his despair 
and fashion a flying device for his jump .
when he falls into the protective police contraption ,
he does not suffer a scratch ,
but it lands him in front of a judge
who order him to do community service .
richard ,
whose relationship with anne apparently ended badly ,
decides to relocate to a rural area
where he finds a place in the country with a large barn
he plans to use
to construct his own plane.richard ends up
trying to help jane harchard reluctantly .
she is a young woman suffering from a.l.s. 
or lou gehrig 's disease
and is confined to a motorized wheel chair .
jane is extremely intelligent ,
but has a dark side and a salty vocabulary .
she uses a hand held device
to speak sometimes ,
as her speech is not clear .
what jane love to do is to lose her virginity 
at any cost .
jane and richard clash
as they meet ,
but a mutual tolerance soon makes them comfortable with one another.jane ,
who watches porn on her computer ,
has a notion
for finding someone like richard gere in `` american gigolo '' ,
who will 
for a fee ,
have sex with her .
when richard takes her to london ,
they find the right man for the job .
his fee is exorbitant ,
but they agree .
since they have no money ,
richard decides to rob a big bank .
unfortunately 
thing do not go according
to plan
when jane realizes
that she can not go through with what
she had wanted .
at the end 
richard takes jane for a ride in his crudely built plane for the thrill of her life ,
something
that ings them closer ,
as they find an affinity with one another.peter greengrass directed this quirky film
which presents an unusual situation .
jane is clearly not the romantic heroine in mainstream film ,
and yet 
she has such a sweet aura about her
that is hard not to feel for her and what she is trying to accomplish .
mr. greengrass shows an affinity richar hawkin ' material
he wrote for the film .
the movie does not try to be cute
or give a rosy picture of a young woman afflicted with an incurable disease.helena bonham carter is the main reason
for watching the film .
she makes a wonderful jane .
on the other hand 
kenneth branagh does not seem too well suited for this type of comedy .
somehow 
he has problem of his own in the way
he interprets richard .
gemma jone has some good moment as anne 
richard 's former love .
`` the theory of flight '' shows a good director .
no doubt peter greengrass will go to bigger and better thing .
