i am not going to say
that this movie is horrible ,
because i have seen worse ,
but it is not even halfway decent .
the plot is very confusing .
i could not really figure out what was happening
and where thing were going .
when the movie was over ,
i was left scratching my head .
i watched through to the end of the credit
to see
if they had something
after them
that may clear thing up ,
but once the credit were over ,
that was it .
i felt
like i was jarred from one weak plot point to another throughout the whole movie 
with little or no transition between the two .
character development is very shallow .
i could not figure out
when somebody was angry or had a grudge against someone .
i could not tell
if half of the character were just supposed to be drunk 
stoned 
mentally challenged
or they just had a bad actor
to portray them .
this film seems to be based around stereotype
( to it is credit ,
they are hard to avoid using
when you are making a film about a singer in a rock band ) ,
which should make character development easier ,
since so many other film have already illustrated the suffering of an abused child 
or the trial of a heroin addict trying
to come clean .
stereotype are easy to depict ,
which would explain
why so many bad film tend to overuse stereotypical character .
this film 
on the other hand 
uses stereotypical character left and right ,
but then tries to keep them as incomprehensible as possible.another problem with the character
is
that they seemed to be dismissed with no explanation .
i guess
that is ok because so little time was spent developing the character
that i really did not get a chance
to know any of them ,
so i never really missed any of them.and last
but not least was sadie 's singing .
it is awful .
the music backing her up is not prize winner ,
but it is usually drowned out by the screech
that are released from sadie 's vocal cord .
i swear
that there is one point in the movie
where she sings a song for at least 10 minute .
i seriously thought
i was going to have to turn it off during this howl-a-thon.as a whole ,
this movie is confusing .
character are ill-developed ,
georgia 's acting is wooden and stiff ,
sadie 's character is yanked from one bad situation to another 
with no back story or explanation .
the music was unbearable ,
and i can think of no good reason to see this film
unless you have a thirst for cinematic pain .
