never before have the motive of the producer of a motion picture been more transparent .
let 's see :
first 
they get every willing televangelist to hype this film as the greatest thing since sliced white ead .
next 
they encourage as many fundamentalist christian as possible to purchase copy of the film so
as to recoup its paltry production cost
and pump up its advertising budget .
and finally ,
when the film hits the theater ,
get as many said
christian as possible to see it yet again ,
bus them into the multiplex if necessary 
not on the merit of the film itself ,
but because a # 1 box office opening will be seen as some sort of profound spiritual victory.but
that 
of course 
will not be enough .
i imagine
that any film critic with the audacity
to give `` left behind ''
anything short of a glowing review
will be deemed `` anti-christian .
`` of course 
this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone .
it is ,
after all 
good old fashioned capitalism at work .
what does surprise me is how many person have been suckered into the whole `` left behind '' mindset .
as someone
who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality ,
it leaves me scratching my head .
it would appear
that there are many 
many person
who actually believe
that sometime in the near future a `` rapture '' is going to occur ,
and that million of person all over the earth are going to simultaneously vanish into thin air .
what kind of reality 
i wonder 
are these person
living in ?
is this `` rapture '' something
they actually believe in ,
or is it something
they fervently want to believe in ?
and when they reach the end of their life
and realize this `` rapture '' has not occurred ,
will they be disappointed and disillusioned ?
will there still be person 100 year from now insisting
that the `` rapture '' is imminent ? in a way 
i almost wish
that such an event would occur !
what an interesting day that would be !
what would be even more interesting is if the apocalypse were to occur in a more spectacular fashion ,
not in the anthropological sense
the author of the `` left behind '' series have portrayed ,
but as more of a stephen spielberg production 
with boiling cloud 
trumpet 
angel descending out of the sky ,
moon turned to blood 
the whole nine yard .
imagine coming to the realization
that it was all coming true ,
just as the evangelist had been warning for year ,
and that there was something more awesome than just the cold 
hard 
physical reality we inhabit .
would not that be something ? ?
? yet in the final analysis ,
it is that cold 
hard 
physical reality
that i will content myself with .
my life is not so meaningless
that i need the fear of a `` rapture '' and the `` end time ''
to make sense of it all ... nor do i need heaven or hell to ibe or scare me into behaving decently ,
thank you very much .
