i first came across 'my tutor friend ' accidentally one or two year ago
while tv surfing .
prior to that 
i would never watched any korean film before in my whole life ,
so mtf was really the first korean film i have ever watched .
and- what a delightful surprise !
i was thoroughly amused from the beginning to end ,
and had a great time laughing .
its comic style is quite different from those of the hong kong comic film
( which i have been to used to all my life and hence tired of as well ) 
eathing fresh air into my humdrum film viewing experience .
i thought
there 're quite a few scene and trick in mtf
that are pretty hilarious 
witty ,
and original too.i watched mtf the second time a few day ago ,
and having watched it once already 
the surprise/comic effect on me kind of mitigated .
that has 
however 
by no mean affected negatively my opinion of the film .
instead 
something else came through this time-
it moved me- the story about how two young 
seemingly 'enemy '
who 're utterly incompatible get thrown together ,
and how they gradually resolve their difference
and start caring for each other
without realizing the feeling themselves 
reminds me of the long gone high school day .
to me 
su wan and ji hoon are actually compatible
as they both have something
that is pure and genuine inside them 
a quality
that separates them from person like say ,
ji hoon 's sassy girlfriend.the film is divided into two distinct parts- the 1st part deal with the 'fight ' between su wan and ji hoon ,
and is more violent and faster in pace .
after ji hoon gets a pass in his final examination and su wan dances the
( in ji hoon 's opinion )
provocative dance 
thing start to change .
the pace slows down and ... ji hoon suddenly realizes
he cares for su wan more than he could ever imagine .
so the 2nd part deal with the development of their mutual feeling 
leading of course to a happy ending
accompanied by a final showdown with the gang boss.just one last comment .
i find this to be a bit unbelievable- the fact
that a 21-year-old self-proclaimed 'bad boy ' would feel embarrassed being almost naked in front of the girl he bullies
and loses his 'cool ' is just a little ... odd .
i guess
that shows
that ji hoon is just a boy pure at heart
and is not really what his appearance seems .
btw 
kwong san woo
( ji hoon )
does have a sexy body and perfect figure !
; - )
mtf is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite film of all time .
