this noir may not be the best remembered film from the era ,
but it features a great mystery plot 
the common noir atmosphere and some good performance from its lesser known cast member .
robert siodmak 
the talented director behind the mystery/horror classic 'the spiral staircase ' directed this film two year earlier than the aforementioned film ,
and shows a real flair
for creating a dark and ooding atmosphere as well
as creating a plot
that both intrigue and fascinates the viewer .
phantom lady focuses on scott henderson ;
a man
married to a woman
he does not like .
he picks up a lady in a big hat in a bar one night ,
and the two agree to a 'no string attached ' night of fun .
however 
he then returns home
to find his apartment infested by police officer
and soon finds out
that the reason
they are there
is because his wife has been strangled with one of his neck ty !
he is dismayed to find
that no one he saw
while with the mysterious woman
can remember her ,
and naturally the jury sends him down for the murder of his wife .
however 
luckily for him his beautiful female employee gets on the case ...
the plot move along nicely throughout ,
and unlike many of the better known noir ,
this one features a few murder
which make the proceedings more interesting .
in fact 
if it was not for the fact
that it was made in the forty and shot in black and white ,
i would swear phantom lady was an italian giallo !
the central character are all interesting enough ,
with alan curtis
providing a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim ,
and ella raine being effective as the female impromptu detective .
the real standout of the film 
however 
is franchot tone ,
who provides a memorable performance as the insane villain of the piece .
the film also features a role
for supporting actor extraordinaire elisha cook jr ,
who features playing the drum in the film 's most memorable segment .
if i was to criticise this film ,
i would say
that the identity of the murderer is revealed a little too early -
although phantom lady does deserve some credit on that front for the original way
it goes about it .
the conclusion is satisfying
and everything makes sense
( which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line )
and overall 
phantom lady is surely one of the greatest and most under-seen noir ever made !
