blank check is one of those kid movie
that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kid
but instead it is a tired lame home
alone ripoff
that is not worth a dime .
quigley is a criminal
who just escaped from jail
and gets his hidden million dollar from a big score
and then we meet preston a frustrated kid
whose room is taken over by his other
to start a business
and obviously dad treat his other better
because they make money the same day
he goes to a kid 's birthday party
and since his dad is a cheapo
he goes on little kid ride
while the other kid go on roller coaster
then he receives a birthday card and a check of 11 buck
how cheap is this family ?
so he goes to the bank
to open an account
and meets the gorgeous shea stanley were her parent met fan ?
he finds out
he needs 200 to open a account
meanwhile quigley gives his million to his banker friend
and finds out the bill are marked
so he will send a lackey named juice to get the unmarked one
when preston leaves his bike gets run over by quigley
he is about to write a check
when he spots the cop and bolt back home his parent scolded him about his busted up bike
and gets grounded what ?
their kid got almost run over
and they worried about a bike ?
so preston forges a million dollar check via his computer
and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking
that he is juice
he gives preston the money
but the real juice came
and realized
they been duped by a kid !
so preston buys a mansion under the name macintosh gets a limo driver
who says
unfunny joke
and goes on a epic shopping spree
then he spots shea
and talk about opening his account kid you are loaded
and you are talking about opening an account ?
we soon realized
shea is actually an fbi agent tracking down quigley and his two other accomplice 's then
he told
his cheapy dad he is got a job
working for mr macintosh
and spends the day riding go kart playng vr game
and hanging out with his limo driver buddy
then he goes out on a date with shea in a fancy restaurant what a 10 year old wining and dining a 20 something fbi agent ?
afterward he takes her to a street geyser
and playing around in the water messing up shea 's 300 dollar dress yet
she takes it well
if this was a bit realistic
she would slap him for messing up her expensive dress so quigley and the other still mad interrogates a little kid and quickly spills the bean and preston is being chased by quigley in a scene
taken from the original script and afterword he is hosting mr macintoshs birthday
which is really his birthday
when he discovers he could not pay for the party
he sits in his chair and dad talk to macintosh
which he does not know
it is his son
he is talking to and talk about preston should be a real kid
and has his whole childhood ahead of him and wants preston to go home early what ?
an hour ago you were grilling him about his finance !
so preston asks everyone to leave
and sits alone pondering
when quigley and the other eak in to the house
to make preston pay
and so he faces then in a finale
that rips off home alone quigley gets spun around in a ball
while preston is driving a go kart juice gets hit in the groin and more antic ensue
until the trio get preston cornered
and when it seem all hope is lost shea and a bunch of swat guy come
to save the day
and so quigley and his crew get sent to jail
but is there any hope for preston and shea ?
there is and she kisses him in the lip what ?
what ?
what ?
a grown woman kissed a kid in the lip .
come on is she mentally disabled ?
i mean an fbi agent
who knows
the country 's law would risk her career to kiss a kid ?
she could get arrested on the spot !
and the most creepiest part of all is that is not goodbye
and she will see him in 6 or 7 year !
oh dear and so he comes home to his family celeating his birthday
so the moral of the story is love
and respect can be bought ?
what are they smoking ?
the bottom line is that is a waste of time
the moral are whacked
it is flat
as a tortilla the kid is annoying the villain are lame the comic relief
is not funny the other are unlikable the dad is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot 's shallow
and the only saving grace is the cinematography from bill pope
which went on to shoot the matrix trilogy and two of the spider-man film
so person do not waste your money
and go watch home alone instead .
this has been a samuel franco review .
