i saw this
when it first came to video ,
my little sister got it as a gift and i was probably 12 at the time ...
what stood out for me was the lack of mid-movie conflict
that so many movie have ,
where the main character get mad at each other
because when it comes time
to explain themselves
they just do not say the one thing
that you are shouting at the screen
that would make sense of the whole deal ,
that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say .
this is what i like the most about the movie i guess ,
that the main character do not do mean thing to each other halfway through ...
they do not eak up
and make up ,
they just grow to like each other more as the movie goes on.these two kid team up
and though they seem at first to be from opposite side of the track ,
they are not that different .
loui is actually just some middle class kid
that needed
to realize
how lucky he was to have a loving family ,
and cecelia was an upper class kid
that just needed to prove to her family
that she existed
and they would miss her if
she was gone .
anyway 
i saw this movie posted on hulu
and had to watch it again ...
sure
there is plot hole
if you analyze the script and no ,
woog and dweeb should not be eating hot dog
since they would have been herbivore in reality.now ,
what detracts from the film is it is unexpected scariness .
little kid under the age of 5 would probably be frightened by the scene with dr. screweye .
and 
the addition of him halfway through the movie
( though it is blatantly obvious in the first scene
that he will make an appearance )
is too aupt ...
there should be a glimpse of him doing his show earlier in the movie 
perhaps to show
that it is not that scary
without the the dinosaur .
i guess
it just lacked any real present danger for the entire first half of the movie ,
so that it lacks a little continuity
when he appears for the second half.considering the target audience ,
who i am
sure can overlook the not so mind blowing animation and dialog issue ... i think
i will give it a pass on those factor too ,
and just enjoy the story .
it is a great flick for kid
and it does stick in your mind ... makes you kinda think
about how you treat person
and it should be revisited every 10 year i think .
