gordon park 
the prolific black life magazine photographer 
made a true ticking-timebomb of a movie here - one
that does not mess around !
based upon the true story of two nyc cop -
later dubbed batman and robin -
who singlehandedly employed radical tactic
to clean up their precinct neighborhood of drug ,
this is a cop-buddy movie
before that term became a repetitive formula .
lightning paced 
there is not one unimportant throwaway scene here.man ,
early '70s nyc must have been a terrible place
to be a police officer 
from the look of movie like this and `` serpico . ''
these two cop start out as safety-division rookie 
busting dealer in plainclothe in their spare time .
but instead of receiving applause from the city police departmant ,
they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peer .
they have to singlehandedly navigate a minefield of police and legal corruption ,
boneheaded assignmant meant to keep them from their work on the street 
ruthless drug kingpin ,
and a nasty ghetto neighborhood.both david selby and ron leibman are fantastic in the lead ;
part of the entertainmant is watching leibman 's eye darting around crazily in every scene
in what is a flawless comic performance ,
and selby 's acting is low-key and wry .
these two make all the comedy aspect of the story work -
displaying a palpable frustration
mixed with gutsy determination .
director park ,
who was already known for his coverage of controversial subject in his photography ,
does not shy away from the grittiness of the story .
rather 
the movie is uncompromising in portrayal of the toughness of the world of police and street criminal
that these two man inhabit .
adding to this realism is the fact
that the real hantz and greenberg acted as technical advisor for the film ,
and even appear in surreal cameo role as two fellow officer
who ridicule the protagonist .
it is a real tribute to the effectiveness of park ' direction
that he manages to perfectly balance this depressing mileu with ight comedy.why
has mgm/ua let this sit on the shelf for 30 year -
barely giving it a home video or dvd release in the u.s ?
it is a minor masterpiece from the 1970s .
