inspector gadget
( 1999 )
**starring :
matthew broderick 
rupert everett 
joely fisher 
andy dick 
dabney coleman director :
david kellogg 80 minute rated pgby blake french :
disney 's new film 
`` inspector gadget '' is about a cop
named john
who survives a major accident
and is saved by a state of the art experimental operation
that turns him into a robotic machine-like agent
who has tool and contraption of all sort
built into his body at his use
when
he says
`` go go 
''
only to be called inspector gadget !
the actual movie 's structure is much like the body formation of inspector gadget himself .
it is noisy 
fragmented 
energetic and consist of a bunch of half hearted contraption thrown together
to make something
that does not have much in common with anything else present .
the film is basically a series of zany action sequence
that are kind of pasted together with character and an uneven story
that only kid between the age of 6-9 would enjoy.the cop
who is dramatically reinvented
is played by matthew broderick ,
who 
until `` inspector gadget 
'' was on a success spree with movie like `` election . ''
his character becomes inspector gadget
after an encounter with the film 's heavy handed villain named claw .
he is played by rupert everett ,
who has already experienced catastrophe this year with the dreadful `` william shakespeare 's a midsummer night dream .
`` there is a romantic subplot in this movie
as well as ample amount of scene
involving inspector gadget 's wacky body part and mechanism element .
it has gadget and claw drooling over the attractive character brenda ,
played by joely fisher ,
for both her looks and her knowledge of a specific invention
made by her late father ,
who was earlier killed by claw .
competition evolves into fight scene and a reason for many happening in the film .
also a major character is the gadget mobil 
a life like automobile
that is devised for inspector gadget himself .
it is voiced by d.l .
hughly from the sitcom comedy `` the hughly 's .
`` `` inspector gadget '' is a movie
that i found quite bad .
i know ,
i am not exactly a target audience of the filmmaker ,
but even my ten year old relative found the film to his disliking .
the movie is full of distinct flaw and obvious problem .
i never found myself caring about the character .
there is no mood development beyond some neat opening credit ,
unlike the much worse 1997 film 
`` mr. magoo 
''
which opened using clip of the original cartoon .
is it too much to ask for that same type of thing in this comedy-which is seldom funny
and hardly ever convincing .
the overall production design is nothing but a mess of incomplete sight gag and consist of one joke :
inspector gadget 's bumbling goofiness.in movie like this the audience lusts for boundary-something
to help make out what can happen
and what can not .
in `` inspector gadget '' there are no such boundary .
this is truthfully nothing more than a party time for the actor ,
who surly had lot of fun .
i am reminded of another lacking comedy released a few year ago
called `` blankman '' which again ,
contained lot of prop and energy ,
and the actor certainly had fun time with all the gizmos and prop ,
but it too lacked something needed for every movie :
audience participation.a character
that i found being left out a lot
is gadget daughter ,
who by the end of the movie ,
i still has not clue of what her name was .
she is used only as a plot device-and i question
how she was used
to further the plot as well .
for her presence ings nothing relevant or productive to the film .
we never know her reaction to her father 's operation or accident .
thus 
this is someone
who could have been completely left out
and would have not affected the movie a bit.in closing ,
i would like to state that `` inspector gadget '' is an awful ,
insufficient excuse for a child 's comedy .
and believe it or not ,
i find myself comparing this film to last year violent and very anti-young audience action picture `` blade . ''
i am stating once again
that i had much rather have a movie where nothing happen than one
in which everything happen .
`` inspector gadget '' had so much going for it at the same time ,
it made literally made me dizzy .
