i had eagerly awaited the first screening of this film ever
since it was given to me on dvd at christmas .
having reserved a special slot for it last night ,
i sat down to watch it with my daughter
( aged 17 and a film study student ) ,
with chocolate of course 
in eager anticipation .
we love jane austin.after just the first two minute we knew
we were sunk .
the shaky camera shot and angle 
general poor cinematography 
direction and wooden performance had already left us feeling flat and dissatisfied .
despondent 
we viewed on.anne ,
played by sally hawkin ,
looked oddly and with no particular purpose 
directly at the camera on several occasion 
eaking our hard-won 'fantasy of the moment '
and engaging us directly in an almost 'i will find you ' stalking fashion.poor rupert penry-jone ,
who played captain wentworth ,
did his best with the script and direction 
bless him .
i hope
they paid him well 
however ,
as he was practically drowned on one occasion by a huge wave
which predictably eached the seawall 
drenching him and his co-actor .
they were nearly swept out to sea .
health and safety would have had a field day !
poor rupert was left spitting out sea water in order to deliver his line .
presumably there was not enough money left in the kitty for a re-shoot of this scene .
anyone with any sense would have not attempted it on such a day in the first place.other than mr. penry-jone ,
alice krige gave the only convincing performance as lady russell
but her effort were soon counterbalanced by those of anthony head 's unconvincing portrayal of annoying sir walter elliott.towards the long-awaited end of the film ,
captain wentworth appeared to oddly grace anne with a visit every two second
having taken great pain
to avoid her for the majority of the movie .
it was as if
he had developed a memory impediment
which caused him to forget his very reason for being .
in contrast 
anne ran 
hyper-ventilating 
from pillar to post in search of the good captain
who 
in the meantime 
had managed to call upon almost the entirety of bath
we are told 
in the course of only three or four minute ,
without even having worked up a sweat.we experienced none of anne 's charm crossing the screen .
indeed 
we were left wondering
what charismatic captain wentworth had ever seen in plain 
spineless 
opinion-less anne
and why someone 
anyone 
did not tell mean 
winging sir walter
to just shut the heck up.the crucial kiss 
normally our favourite girlie moment ,
was painfully drawn out .
as they moved in closer ,
anne kept opening and closing her mouth
which had the effect on screen
of making her look
as if she were chewing gum
before lip finally met .
eww !
the most enjoyable thing about last night was the chocolate and the half hour exchange of view between mother and daughter on just how bad the film had been.what a pity
to ruin such an enchanting and engaging story 
filmed in some of england 's finest scenery.sorry jane .
