is it possible to give a movie no star ?
i suppose not .
however many star imdb displays this just think
zero and you will get my drift .
director and photographer timothy hine did not have much of a budget
compared to spielberg 's herculean effort with the same material
( rumored to be the most expensive movie
ever made ) ,
but that need not be an insurmountable handicap .
i have seen some wonderful work done on a comparative shoestring
( `` soldier and saint '' is a recent example ) .
with hard work 
integrity and 
above all 
talent it is certainly possible to realize a faithful rendition of well ' novella
-- and at fraction of what was spent by dreamwork on its `` war of the world '' .
unfortunately 
hine failed in all these department .
even if he had had spielberg 's budget and tom cruise
signed for the lead his movie
would have stunk just as badly as this barnyard animal
he is foisted on us.primarily ,
hine seems unable to tell a story .
thank to digital video technology he can record image and sound ,
but he shows little aptitude for assembling a narrative with what he records .
a guy walks down a country lane 
a lot .
he talks badly aped received english to some other guy .
then he walks down the same lane ,
only shot from the back this time
to show
he is returning
-- clever 
eh ?
walking and talking 
for nearly an hour that is all that happens .
ok 
i will grant
that one extended excursion from the main character 's house to the impact site on horsell common to show
that it is a considerable distance from one place to the other
might be useful
( a first-year film student could storyboard a more economical and more aesthetical establishing sequence than this 
btw ) ,
but half a dozen time ?
back and forth 
back and forth 
et cetera 
et cetera with some yakkity-yak in between .
remarkable .
the only explanation for this surfeit of redundancy other than total artistic ineptitude is a desire
to pad out thirty minute of wretchedly amateurish cg works into something
that could be offered as a feature-length film .
finally the martian fighting machine appear and the walking
and talking become running and talking 
or shrieking .
later we get staggering and wailing for dessert.thankfully ,
much of the dialogue is lifted straight from h.g .
well ' text ;
else we 'd have no idea
what is going on .
but is it not the whole point of cinema
to illuminate a text ,
to realize what word alone can not convey ?
if a film rely on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel ,
why bother ?
why not do a radio play ?
orson welle made himself a household name
doing just that .
however 
hine think
he is a filmmaker ,
so he is content to mouth the word and swallow the meaning.secondly ,
hine was able to buy some cg effect of a sort for his movie ,
but he has no idea how to use them .
now i for one have no unquenchable sweet tooth for eye candy .
i believe
good science fiction cinema does not need dazzling technical effect .
some really potent sci-fi 's have flourished on virtually none at all .
but `` the war of the world '' as film requires a certain baseline effort .
well tells a story
that hinges on thing can be seen and heard and even smelled .
the effect do not need to be complex ;
they can even be crude
( e.g .
fighting machine on wire gliding over miniature street
as seen in the george pal/byron haskins 1953 version ) ,
but they must be handled well .
unfortunately hine ' effect are both crude and incompetent \u0096 tripod fighting machine higher than a cathedral spire stomp
around making a noise
like a pogo stick bouncing on linoleum \u0096 martian squidoid
even though oppressed by four time the gravity of their native world scurry and flit about without perceptible effort \u0096 skeleton totally denuded of flesh and muscle writhe and scream
-- the same damn horse and buggy greenscreen its way across the foreground a dozen time
( flipped left for right occasionally in hope
that we might not notice )
\u0096 and on ad nauseum .
crude technique is forgivable .
so you have a cg fire effect
that is less than convincing ?
fine 
we can work around that .
just do not use it too often
and only show glimpse of it .
that stomped woman
sequence looks more like a crushed plum ?
throw it away .
it is not necessary .
you say
your martian flyer looks like a toy on a string ?
if you must use it 
go ahead ,
but please do not show it twice !
but no 
hine will not listen .
we get the worst looking stuff used again and again .
got ta get those 180 minute somehow ,
boy.next we have acting ,
or more precisely too much acting .
whether in a speaking role or just paid
to die on queue everybody in this film
is acting his little heart out .
evidently hine think
he is getting a bargain
-- more fleeing in terror over there !
you 
quaking behind that tree ,
let 's have a real conniption fit this take .
you call that writhing in agony ?
nonsense 
my grandmother can writhe better
-- nevertheless the cast as a whole and individually stink .
they are not even good amateur .
but this need n't prove fatal .
many a good movie has been made with rancid acting .
that is what director are for .
and editor .
which ings up another point
who the hell let tim hine edit this cheese factory ?
if america 's butcher were as adept at meat cutting
as hine is at film
cutting your next hamburger would be all finger and no beef .
in spite of the near three-hour running time there is lot of stuff missing from this movie
-- not sequence 
but single frame ,
creating a herky-jerky effect
that is nauseating to watch .
maybe hine intention was to simulate the effect of a hand cranked cine camera of the 1890 's .
if he was i can say
he does not know how to do it .
