german nut case j\u00f6rg buttgereit apparently has fan -
but i do not know why ,
and i am definitely not one of them !
the only buttgereit film i would seen previously was nekromantik and i hated every minute of it ,
but - shockingly - this film is worse !
der todesking is pointless in the same way as nekromantik ,
but it is a worse film
because it is boring in a way
that few movie have ever managed
( it is not far off the blair witch project ,
seriously ) .
some person say
that this film is 'sick ' and 'shocking ' ,
but it really is not .
the director may have been making a point about death ,
but only he knows what it is .
how anyone could watch this film
and be anything other
than bored with it
is completely beyond me .
the film revolves around the theme of suicide ,
and follows the death of seven different person over the course of a week .
yes ,
that means we have a pointless and boring episode for monday 
a pointless and boring episode for tuesday 
a pointless and boring episode for wednesday etc etc .
this film manages to be even more boring than my average week !
der todesking is apparently an 'art ' film ,
although this would appear to be a reference to the way
that not very much makes sense rather than a reference to the film bearing any resemblance to 'art ' .
each segment of the film is meant to tell a separate story -
but it does not !
we just get a quick little sketch on suicide ,
and it only makes you wonder what the point is .
the film feel
like it should be deep ,
but there is a great big void
where the intelligence should be and nothing there to fill it .
buttgereit uses a few evocative image ;
but i am unlikely to remember any of them for more than a week or so
because this film just is not that memorable .
there is a shot
involving a decomposing man 's body
that features fairly often ,
but that gets old pretty quick
and all you are left with is the rest of the film ,
which is unfortunate .
if i were to struggle for good thing to say about this crap ,
all i can think of is this ;
the title sounds cool .
as i mentioned ,
nekromantik is the only other film i have seen from this amateur director ;
i have copy of schramm and nekromantik 2 ,
and now i am really in no rush to watch either .
der todesking is a dull film with no point
and anyone
that calls it 'art ' is very much mistaken .
give it a miss .
