there is something special about the austrian movie not only by seidl 
but by spielmann and other director as well .
this is the piercing sense of reality
that never leaves the viewer throughout the movie .
hundstage is no exception .
this effect is achieved not only by the depicted story but also by actor playing .
in hundstage i have never had the feeling
that these are actor playing ,
but real person instead .
so real is the visceral feeling of the viewer ...
almost
as if the grumpy pensioner or lonely lady in the movie are living below
you in your block.any person
living in vienna can
without any doubt painfully recognize the person in the movie with their meckern/sudern
( complaining ) ,
their hidden sexual urge and the prolo macho guy .
this is further reinforced by the viennese dialect
which is ,
according to many ,
especially made for complaining as a way of life .
a special parochialism and arrogance typical for vienna are also very well portrayed.the viennese suburb have a vivid presence in the movie with their stupor and drowsiness where nothing happens .
moreover 
they have been turned into a celeation of materialism with shopping mall and huge departmant store .
inbetween are the house of the person
where they indulge into what they reckon is pleasure-giving activity ,
trying to stay in touch with their human self 
yet in vain .
the example are the sexual game of the old lady with the man
which bordered on rape ,
the prolo guy losing his nerve
and hitting his girlfriend and the young woman
who hitchhikes and irritates her drivers.the film has no soundtrack
as it concentrates on the normality/abnormality of its image only .
another typical feature of seidl
( and other austrian director )
is his showing of disturbingly sexual image .
these include the stripping of the old woman for her husband ,
the sexual scene in the bath 
the sexual game of the lady with the two man in her apartmant 
etc.in hundstage seild has portrayed the life of person
who eventually may be as much viennese
as they could be citizen of paris 
new york or madrid .
the viewer should not despise or feel pity for the viennese in the movie
as they themself could become victim of the same human estrangemant and alienation 
albeit in different circumstance .
in the end 
i believe
seidl 's film is a warning
to us about the terrible state of human relationship
so utally revealed in hundstage .
and if the viewer does not succumb to the reason for this evil transformation ,
seidl has achieved his goal .
