i saw this film in a london cinema in 1975
and have not seen it since .
i found it hilarious .
i loved it is originality .
it is rare that someone makes a movie like this -
and it is sad too.what i mean is ,
i once read a book
called `` the black hotel '' - and as a film-fan 
i always `` picture '' book as film .
kinda `` adapt '' them 
you know ?
but as i read it ,
i thought 
well 
this would make a great movie -
but of course it would have to be `` adapted '' - to the point
where it would bear little relationship to the book.but then i thought ,
well why ?
sure 
it could never be shown on sunday afternoon tv ,
but provided it were shown in cinemas to adult ,
who knew what it contained ,
where is the harm ?
dammit 
my civil liberty were being crushed here .
a director should be able to make a literal film adaptation of `` the black hotel '' .in an ideal world ,
censorship of film for adult should not exist .
but sadly 
whilst i accept
that with intelligent adult 
such freedom might be harmless ,
there would always be those
who would lack the rationality to differentiate between fantasy and reality ,
and who might be spurred on to commit foul deed.however ,
it is hard to see how `` la bete '' falls into
that category.on it is appearance in england ,
the british censor dismissed it out of hand .
despite the '69 relaxation on nudity ,
given the film 's theoretical theme of bestiality ,
had the censor passed any of it ,
he had have been looking for a new job on monday.but ... in those day ,
there was an alternative .
the g.l.c .
this was a local town council with a department
who had the power
to pass a film just for london ,
where it was deemed audience were more `` sopisticated '' than those
who lived out in the sticks.the film
was duly submitted and passed .
however 
it later emerged that the `` board '' consisted of just four person - three
who voted ,
plus a `` chairman '' .
and on the day 
one of the voter was off sick .
thus the remaining two voter and the chairman sat down to view `` la bete '' .one of said
voter thought 
like me ,
that the film was hilarious
and hardly likely to encourage foul deed by anyone .
the other lacked imagination
and simply thought the piece disgusting .
and the chairman did not understand it ,
so decided to err on the side of freedom.when the missing voter
finally saw the film ,
they too thought it disgusting ,
but it was too late !
the film had received its `` x-london '' certificate
and opened to mixed reaction .
the g.l.c .
film censorship board was disbanded soon after !
thus `` la bete '' only opened in london by what could best be termed a fluke !
but i am glad it was .
it is great !
if you have not seen it ,
do so .
it is a fantasy ,
and as such 
it is far less disturbing than most thing you see on the news these day ...
