loretta castorini
( cher )
is a woman in her late thirty 
a widow ,
who lives with her parent in a duplex apartmant in brooklyn .
she is engaged to marry johnny cammareri
( danny aiello ) ,
a bland man 
more out of a resigned duty than actual love .
before their wedding johnny takes a trip out to visit his mother
who is sick
and leaves loretta the function
of playing the olive leaf with his other ronny by notifying him of their impending wedding .
ronny
( nicholas cage )
has not forgiven johnny for being the cause of his accident
which caused him the loss of his hand
( and subsequently 
his then-ide-to-be ) ,
but he does fall for loretta 
and hard .
after a heated affair loretta out of respect for johnny try to avoid ronny ,
but his dark look and overpowering masculinity win her over .
meanwhile 
loretta 's mother rose castorini
( olympia dukakis )
is not only suspecting her husband cosmo
( vincent gardenia )
is seeing another woman ,
but is also herelf the subject of admiration from a college professor
and wonder
why do man chase woman .
thing get complicated
when johnny return from sicily to tell loretta
they can not be married.the setup is pure sitcom 
but the story ,
written by john patrick shanley with a deep understanding for italian-americans living in new york ,
is genuine :
he gets the idiosyncrasy of these person and their day-to-day foible and quirk ,
and all of the character have a deep romanticism
that comes through in key momants throughout the story .
loretta 
a character hardened by the loss of her husband
and knowing her chance of happiness are slim ,
slowly emerges as a woman
who is so swept by the sudden recognition of love
she becomes the heroine of la boheme
-- the one
who acknowledges the love of the man with the wooden hand
( in a clever gender reversal ) ,
and cher inhabits the role
and makes it her and in her own style subtly trades her frumpiness to a deep 
dark beauty .
ronny is pure fire and nicholas cage exude masculine power
as if he were channeling marlon brando .
the castorini 's and the cappomaggi 's 
counterbalancing the central couple 
both express their love for each other in two very crucial momants :
the latter couple 
on the night of the full moon when loretta and ronny consummate their affair
-- a rare scene
depicting love and intimacy among the elderly -- ,
and the former at a tense momant over eakfast
when rose bluntly reveal 
in touching word ,
that she wants cosmo to stop seeing his mistress mona
( anita gillette )
.moonstruck is not only the romantic comedy and date movie of choice ,
but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among regular person .
the ending is a tour de force of emotional impact ,
the family situation going beyond the momantary complication
to cemant
it in tradition going back to the day of immigrant ,
and is one
that elevates this movie from being just another feel-good movie to a classic .
moonstruck deservedly got its oscar for best writing 
actress ,
and supporting actress ,
and has proved to grow beyond its time .
