in a famous essay he wrote about charle dicken 
george orwell point out
that many reader always regretted
that dicken never continued writing
like he did in pickwick paper :
that is ,
he did not stick to writing funny episodic novel for the rest of his career .
this would not have been too difficult for dicken .
his contemporary robert surtee did precisely
that ,
only concentrating on the misadventure of the fox hunting set
( mr. fancy romford 's hound is a title of one of his novel ) .
among hunter and horse lover surtee still has a following but most person find his novel unreadable .
dicken was determined to show
he was more than a funny man
( and do not forget ,
his first book 
sketch by boz 
was also a funny book ) .
so dicken third book is oliver twist
( which got pretty grim at point ) .
orwell says
that for any author to grow
they have to change the style of their book .
dicken would definitely
( and successfully )
have agreed to that.but orwell overlooked the genre writer
who transcends his fellow .
surtee ,
as i said ,
is a genre writer
concentrating on hunting -
but not everyone is interested in hunting .
but p.g.wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer 
poking fun at the upper reach of the british social system .
his earl of emsworth is prouder of raising the finest pig in england
than being ... well earl of emsworth !
his psmith is always prepared to counterattack
when he is supposed to be submissive to an unfair superior .
his stanley uckridge will always have a `` perfect '' scheme
that should net a huge profit
( but always manages to come apart at the end ) .
and best of all 
his jeeve will always put his illiant ain to work rescuing the inept bertie wooster 
his boss .
since wodehouse had a limited view of his mission as a writer -
he was there to do cartoon figure of fun for the entertainment of the world - his book never lost their glow .
they served
( and still serve ) their purpose .
in fact ,
compared wodehouse with his far more serious contemporary evelyn waugh ,
who also wrote funny book ,
but of a more intellectual type .
the best of waugh remains among the high point of 20th century british literature :
brideshead revisited 
decline and fall 
and the rest .
but in his determination to make his point ,
if his point failed to interest the reader
the book frequently collapsed .
for every vile body there was some failure late in his career like the ordeal of gilbert pinfold .
while wodehouse could do lesser hack work too ,
his falling did not go as far
as waugh 's did.wodehouse also was a gifted lyricist
(
when you hear `` bill '' in the score of showboat ,
it is not kern and hammerstein 's tune 
but kern and wodehouse 's tune transposed from `` oh lady 
lady '' a dozen year earlier ) .
he was a handy dramatist too .
so it is pleasing to see
that he took his novel a damsel in distress
and turned it into the screenplay here.it has the normal wodehouse touch .
that perfect butler kegg
( reginald gardiner in a wonderful performance )
is a scoundrel in rigging a `` friendly '' gambling game of chance among the staff of the stately home
he heads .
he is also unable to refrain 
occasionally 
from singing italian opera -
despite constance collier 's attempt to control his impulse .
this is typical wodehouse characterization .
so is the way
the love affair between lady alyce and jerry keep going well
and going down due to the antic of kegg and young albert ,
both of whom want to win that game of chance pot of cash .
wodehouse always does that type of plot switch ,
with antagonist switching their point of view depending on their present state of interest.wodehouse was also lucky here
to have burn and allan to work with .
it is generally considered that of all the film they made as supporting actor together
( such as six of a kind and we are not dressing )
george and gracie did their best support with fred astaire .
the fun house sequence ,
which includes the song `` stiff upper lip '' ,
is wonderful ,
as is an earlier sequence
where the three do a `` whisk oom '' dance
( that astaire learned from burn ) .
but gracie 's marvelous illogical logic is used by wodehouse in scene with gardiner
( see how she manages to confuse him into giving her more money than her change deserves
to be -
only albert happen to notice kegg/gardiner 's mistake ,
and looks at gardiner as though he is either stupid or mad ) .
her dialog with lady caroline
( collier )
's son reggie
( ray noble 
the british band leader )
leading him to imagine
that he will marry her ,
but saying goodbye to gracie
as she drives off with george
to get married is wonderful too.the film supposedly failed at the box office
because of the lack of ginger roger in it 
and the weakness of joan fontaine .
fontaine is not doing a remarkable job in the role ,
but the flaw is really wodehouse 's -
he did not make the character very interesting .
but the film can stand
without that 
given the other performer and their character 
gershwin 's music 
and wodehouse 's marvelous sense of fun .
