a cry in the dark a cry in the dark was a film
that i anticipated would offer a phenomenal performance from meryl streep and a solid 
if unremarkable film .
this assumption came from the fact
that aside from streep 's best actress nomination 
the movie received little attention from major award groups.little did i anticipate
that a cry in the dark would be such a riveting drama 
well-constructed on every level .
if you ask me ,
this is an under-appreciatted classic.the film opens rather slowly ,
letting the audience settle into the chamberlain 's at a relaxed pace and really notice
that 
at the core 
they are an incredibly loving 
simple family .
fred schepisi
( the director )
selects random moment to capture of a family on vacation
that give a looming sense of the oncoming tragedy ,
while also showing the attentive bliss with which lindy
( streep )
and michael
( sam neill )
chamberlain care for their children.while the famous line
`` a dingo took my baby ! ''
has become somewhat of a punchline these day ,
the movie never even comes close to laughable .
the actual death of azaria is horrifyingly captured .
it is subtle and realistic ,
leaving the audience horrified
and asking questions.the majority of the film takes place in courtroom and focuse on the chamberlain 's continuous fight
to prove their innocence to the press and the court ,
which suspects lindy of murder.the fact
that it is clear to us from the beginning
that they are innocent makes the tense trial all the more gripping .
as an audience member 
i was fully invested in the chamberlain 's plight ...
and was genuinely angered and hurt and saddened
when they were made to look so terrible by the medium .
but at the same 
the medium/public opinion is understandable .
i loved the way
the medium
was by no mean made to be sympathetic ,
but they always had valid reason
to hold their views.the final line of the film is very profound and captures perfectly the central element
that makes this film so much different from other courtroom dramas.in term of performance 
the only one
that really matter in this film
are those of streep and neill ...
and they deliver in every way .
for me 
this ranks as one of ( if not # 1 )
meryl streep 's best performance .
for all her mastery of different accent
( which of course are very impressive in their own right ) ,
streep never loses the central heart and soul of her character .
i find this to be one of streep 's more subtle performance ,
and she hits it out of the park .
and neill 
an actor
who has never impressed me beyond being charismatic and appealing in jurassic park ,
is a perfect counterpoint to streep 's performance .
from what i have seen ,
this is undoubtedly neill 's finest work to date .
it is a shame
he was not recognized by the academy with a leading actor nomination to match streep 's ... b/c the two of them play of each other illiantly.more emotionally gripping than most film ,
and also incredibly suspenseful ... a cry in the dark far exceeded my expectation .
i highly recommend that person
who only know of the movie as the flick
where meryl screams `` the dingo took my baby ! ''
watch the film and see just how much more there is to a cry in the dark then that one line ... . a ...
