jame cagney is best known for his tough character- and gangster role
but he has also played quite a lot 'soft ' character in his career .
this musical is one of them
and it was the first
but
not the last musical movie cagney would star in.cagney is even doing a bit of singing in this one
and also quite an amount of dancing .
and it needs to be said
that he was not bad at it .
he plays the role with a lot of confidence .
he apparently had some dancing job in his early life
before his acting career started to take off big time ,
so it actually is not a weird thing
that he also took on some musical acting role in his career .
he obviously also feels at ease in this totally different genre
than most person are accustomed
to seeing him in.the movie is directed by lloyd bacon ,
who was perhaps among the best and most successful director within the genre .
his earliest '30 's musical pretty much defined the musical genre
and he also was responsible for genre movie such as `` 42nd street '' .
his musical were always light and fun to watch and more comedy like than anything else really .
'30 's musical never were really about its singing ,
this was something
that more featured in '40 's and later made musical 
mainly from the mgm studios.as usual it has a light and simple story ,
set in the musical world ,
that of course is also predictable
and progresses in a formulaic way .
it nevertheless is a fun and simple story
that also simply makes this an entertaining movie to watch .
so do the character
and actor that are portraying them .
sort of weird
though that that the total plot line of the movie gets sort of abandoned toward the end of the movie ,
when the movie only starts to consists out of musical number routines.the musical moment toward the ending of the movie are also amusing and well done ,
even though i am not a too big fan of the genre itself .
once again
the musical number also feature a young billy barty .
he often played little boys/babies/mice and whatever more early on in his career ,
including the movie musical `` gold digger of 1933 '' 
of one year earlier .
a recommendable early genre movie.8/10
