prussic gas 
a murderer donning a red clansman suit and hood wielding a white whip ,
and the murder of college school girl at the hand of paid convict enlisted by a mysterious mastermind
who keeps his face hidden
within an office
containing aquarium of turtle and fish .
the inspector at scotland yard 
higgin
( ijoachim fuchsberger )
and his superior sir john
( siegfried sch\u00fcrenberg )
certainly have their hand full with this case .
it all seems to center around student ann portland
( uschi glas ) ,
who ,
when she turns 21 ,
is to inherit a great deal of wealth .
the girl
who are targeted share a room with ann ,
but the reason for their murder remains a mystery sy 's finest must figure out .
the staff of the girl ' dormitory all seem to be hiding something
and certain member of the faculty are falling prey to the killer in the red monk robe disguise 
talented enough
to precisely strangle the neck of those
attacked with the whip .
two prisoner are commissioned by a mystery man
to use the newly created toxic gas
created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during
what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation .
it is a clever scheme where a driver 
greaf
( g\u00fcnter meisner )
meets the convict
( ..who hide in a barrel )
who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard .
taken blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind ,
he gives them order on who to kill and how .
uncovering this operation is a top priority for higgin and sir john
for it will lead them to the truth
they seek in regard to the murder
and why they are happening .
under suspicion are girl ' dormitory headmistress 
her author other 
a sweaty 
incredibly nervous chemistry teacher 
a snooping gardener 
and the bannister .
some are red herring
until they are disposed of 
throwing the viewer for a loop each time
until the real mastermind is discovered .
the ending feature multiple twist .
out of the krimi film i have seen ,
the college girl murder is the closest to a giallo
with it is colorful killer 
a convoluted plot yielding lot of surprise and potential suspect 
and sordid shenanigan between adult and the college girl at the dormitory .
i think
you can also see the influence of jame bond on this particular krimi film with the villain mastermind 's secret hideout with an alligator pit
( ..which is not used ) ,
the fake bible/water pistol ,
when opened 
fires the gas into the face of startled victim 
the greaf ' royle royce
which has latch
that cause flap to darken the window
without revealing the passenger in the back seat ,
and the peep hole used to spy on the girl in their room and while swimming .
many might consider sir john a liability due to his bumbling 
buffoonish behavior
and how he often undermines higgin ' ability
to get at the truth
( ..perhaps poking fun at know-it-all british inspector
who harm a case more than solve it )
..i felt
he was used as comedy relief 
particularly with his attempt at psychoanalyzing suspect and potential victim ,
often misunderstanding what are told to him .
higgin ,
using the skill adopted over his year as an investigator ,
instead follows the clues/fact ,
often avoiding sir john as much as possible .
capable direction by the reliable alfred vohrer
who keeps the pace humming at a nice speed ,
and the screenplay is full of interesting character and lurid content..the fact
that so many of the adult
surrounding the dormitory
are suspect ,
any of them might be the one wielding the whip
or calling the shot behind those murdered girl ' execution .
i would say
this may be one of the best
( ..if not the best )
example of the krimi genre ,
for it keeps you guessing ,
always one more ace up
it is sleeve..the revelation unearthed at the very end
are quite eye-opening
( ..and 
you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind
pulling the string
to top it all off ) .
