the documentary revolf around eva moze kor 
a holocaust survivor 
part of mengele 's experiment on twin 
consisting primarily her version of what happened at auschwitz 
and a comparison of the emotion of the other survivor of the twin experiment .
the movie obviously had great review .
it is one of those topic
that no one dares to voice a contrary opinion about.i too ,
for a large part of the movie 
got sucked into the emotion
that the movie-maker so obviously wanted the viewer
to concentrate on .
one of the user review on imdb by eric monder
( obviously having nothing critical to say about the issue on a public forum )
could only find the sweetest nectar .
`` in one of the many dramatic sequence ,
as a group of jew argue with kor at a jewish center ,
the meaning of the word `` forgive '' is even debated ,
but the isolated and outnumbered kor holds her own ''
but by this time ,
the sappy hold
that the movie had on my dormant emotional repertoire
had let loose enough
that i could see clearly once more .
after the `` strong-willed '' eva kor forgives her `` nazi captor '' the movie begins to delve into what forgiving is all about 
at least from the viewpoint of kor .
the movie goes about following her ,
past her public statement forgiving the nazis and into new territory .
to me 
this was the meat of the movie ,
surrounded by inedible fat of her `` act of forgiveness '' .
obviously 
it was a very sick cow.on a mission to test her theory of forgiveness ,
in order to heal wound of the past 
she makes her way to the `` promised land ''
to meet with some arab ,
to discuss with them the issue
that they face
and to see
if dialogue can not lead to a better understanding of the situation and heavily interspersed with debate and discussion with jew in the us on her act
of forgiving the nazis ,
including one at a jewish center in chicago .
from then on 
anyone not so teary eyed
that they can not see
the screen will find it hard-pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in her statements.firstly ,
you immediately notice her body language 
defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of arab scholar and teacher .
her comment about how she feared
that they might kidnap her show how much of a waste of time 
effort and money
the entire act was .
a rather annoyed dr sami advan
( professor of education at bethlehem university )
gets it just right
when he tells kor off for a statement
she makes about how she would rather be asleep in her apartment.finally 
the debate at the jewish center in chicago ,
where she is `` grilled '' on the meaning of forgiveness and her right
to do so ,
in the wake of those
that continue suffering through the trauma of the acts.i
will cut to the chase .
by the end of the movie 
i was hoping
i had not chosen to watch the movie .
the movie was badly made ,
failing to delve deeper into anything about auschwitz apart from the purely trivial ,
just sufficient to make sure
the holocaust is refreshed in the viewer memory and to incite a barrage of tear .
it showed
that kor 
the subject of the documentary was unable to engage in fair discussion .
her discussion ability were limited to parroting her stance on forgiveness
( at best )
to a complete unwillingness
to listen or participate.lastly ,
is everyone so retarded today
that they can not notice the difference
between making peace and forgiving ?
quoting another imdb user ,
`` i do not see her forgiveness
as being weak- quite the contrary ,
she just wanted to relieve its hold from her soul ,
she wanted the suffering to be over ,
so she let it go . ''
that would be the perfect layman 's definition
of making peace.i guess ,
in a world of propaganda 
blind faith and political correctness 
there is no room to question those
that have `` gone through more than the human mind can fathom '' .p.s .
the dictionary certainly should go into all those books-to-buy list
everyone
keeps making .
