*warning - no plot spoiler ahead ,
but movie spoiler nonetheless ... * my significan not other rented this for me thinking
it would be a terrific romance with an all-star cast .
wow - very 
very wrong .
this movie is an overdone 
overwrought ,
and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically release a student film 15 year
after it was shot !
the copyright date on the box said
2005 ,
yet during the very first flashback sequence i was looking at the clothe and hairdos
that were supposed to be the early 1960s ,
and noticed
that the girl especially were wearing late 80s/early 90s dress and hairdos .
it looked
as if it had been shot a good 15 or 20 year before the rest of the film !
i tried to convenience myself
that it was a flashback ,
and therefore supposed to look old ,
but it looked wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy more 80s than 60s or even 21st century
trying to be 60s ...
then an adult coworker of the lead character turns up ,
and he looks just like the boy featured in the flashback sequence
( yet it is a different ,
much older character whose youth is featured in the flashback ) .
i was completely confused
until i saw in the special features the short film included -
it was all the flashback sequence ,
shot in 1990 as a complete student film of the same title as this movie !
it also features commentary
that includes the little boy all grown up
( and indeed acting the co-worker in the 2005 scene ) .
thus 
this movie is just a shell of story woven around an old ,
re-cut student film put together as an obvious excuse
to get it up to theatrical running time .
the shell story ,
shot in 2005 
is mostly about a man
who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at the dance class
that he promises a dying man
he will attend in his stead
( something about a promise
made by the dying man in the early 60 's to his girl
that they would meet on the `` fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse
to shoot the segment around the old film in 2005 ? )
these new scene and plot might have been ok except the awful 
overly sentimental score
that repeats ad nauseum over almost every single new scene and the clich\u00e9d action
that permeates the new movie .
do not bother .
there is a reason
why you have never heard of this movie
even though it has a well-known cast -
it is terrible .
