thirty year after its initial release 
the third version of `` a star is born '' finally comes to dvd in a package
that should please the most devoted fan of bara streisand .
that would include me
since i just saw her in concert
singing among other number 
the feminist anthem `` woman in the moon '' from this 1976 film .
easy to dismiss ,
the movie 's career-polarizing story is such a sturdy pile of hollywood-style clich\u00e9s
that variation of it exist in other film
including streisand 's own `` funny girl '' .
this time reset to the then-contemporary music scene ,
the timeworn plot follows self-destructive rock star john norman howard on his deep-dive career descent
just as he meets club singer esther hoffman
who is awaiting her big eak.trouble dog their courtship from the outset 
as john norman
( both names please )
responds to grasping fan and bloodless djs with random act of violence
( from which he inexplicably escapes prosecution ) .
to john norman 
esther represents his last shot at happiness ,
and in turn 
she is drawn to the innately decent ,
creative musician underneath the fa\u00e7ade .
in the movie 's most pivotal scene 
he gives esther her big eak at a benefit concert ,
and her career takes off .
inevitably 
he can not handle the failure of his career in light of her meteoric success ,
and
if you are familiar with any version of this story ,
you know the rest .
directed by frank pierson
( although streisand 's budding directorial talent are obviously on display ) ,
the film still manages to draw me in ,
even though i know
it is shamelessly contrived and manipulative .
it still has a certain emotional resonance
despite its numerous flaws.although streisand in her prime seems like the ideal choice
to play a rising singing star ,
her screen persona is simply too strong and predefined to play esther credibly .
the same can be said for her performing style
since the script seems to make allowance for her softer adult contemporary-oriented material
to be accepted within the otherwise hardened world of arena rock .
from the moment
she pops her head up as the middle of the oreos ,
she can not help but come across as an established star .
i can forgive the lapse simply
because she is an unparalleled vocal talent ,
but what becomes less forgiving is how she makes esther more strident than poignant
when john norman 's wo become overwhelming .
this creates an oddly discomfiting dynamic in the last part of the film
when it becomes less about what caused the climactic event than esther 's response to it .
this is capped off by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her memorial performance - great
except when she regrettably mimic john norman 's style toward the end.kristofferson 
on the other hand 
gives a superb performance throughout 
managing a level of honety
that grounds the film
and makes palpable his concurrent feeling of love 
pride and resentment toward esther .
he makes his vodka-soaked onstage growling work within this context .
otherwise 
what always strikes me
as strange about this version is how all the supporting character are relegated to the background
as if they did not exist
unless they were interacting with the two principal .
the only one
who register
are paul mazursky as john norman 's level-headed manager brian and gary busey as his cynical band manager bobbie .
veteran cameraman robert surtee provides a nice burnish to the cinematography
though a level of graininess persist in the print .
a big seller in its day 
the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of different style from the 1970 's -
some song still quite good
( `` everything '' ,
`` woman in the moon '' ,
`` watch closely now '' ) ,
some that have moved to kitsch
( `` queen bee '' 
kenny loggin ' `` i believe in love '' )
and of course 
the inescapable `` evergreen '' .the print transfer on the 2006 dvd is clean and the sound gratefully crisp thank to digital remastering .
streisand 's participation is the chief lure of the extra beginning with her feature-length commentary .
she gives insightful information about the genesis of the film 
the casting and the reportedly troubled production .
she is also refreshingly candid about the megalomania of jon peter 
her hairdresser boyfriend
who became the movie 's producer ,
and her dissatisfaction with pierson as a director .
i just wish
she could have provided more scene-specific comment
that directly relate to what is on screen .
she also tends to repeat the same anecdotes
when the mood strikes her 
e.g. 
it gets tiring to hear for the third time
how the person
playing the chauffeur
was a friend of peter .
i think
having a second commentator could have drawn out other nugget from her.there is a wardrobe test reel
that shows some amusing 1970 's clothe 
especially kristofferson 's mixed-faic poncho and orange polyester shirt .
there are also twelve deleted scene
included with streisand 's optional commentary .
one is a comic ead-baking scene
which reminded me how much i like streisand in farcical comedy .
another is an extended scene
in which she plays `` evergreen '' on the guitar in front of an awestruck kristofferson
who then falls asleep .
the most interesting is an alternate take on the musical finale incorporating fast cut ,
which i agree
with streisand should have been used .
fittingly 
the theatrical trailer for all three version of `` a star is born ''
are also included .
