i was at first disgusted with director sun-woo jang
because i had felt
that he cheated me .
jang had the potential
to create a strong ,
deeply emotional film about sex and its effect on person ,
but instead chose to focus his strength on the pornography element more than the actual human element .
i could not see the character at first and his sloppy introduction
which blended both realism and cinema together was amateurish at best yet this film remained in my mind for day
after i viewed it .
what stayed with me was not the story ,
it was not the character ,
nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the film 
but the transition
that jang demonstrated between y and j.
if you watch this film carefully ,
you will see
that both begin in an exploration phase of their relationship ,
eager to jump into the unknown 
but not quite certain the next step .
as they continue to meet ,
exploring new avenue of pleasure ,
they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressed .
jang initially explores the idea
that j is the one
that in control of the situation 
then hauntingly 
the reversal happens
when j become obsessed with y.
it is a very small change ,
and due to the graphic content of this film ,
it can easily be missed ,
but it is there .
it become apparently clear near the end
when j can not live with y ,
as their meeting become less frequent ,
and j attempt to become a part of normal society .
this was a huge and very exciting element to this film
to see right
before your eye 
but alas 
it was the only element of this film worth viewing.i will ignore those
that speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic ,
because there are human element at the core of this film ,
as underdeveloped
as they are ,
they are there .
it is a film about a facet of our life
that is very rarely explored in cinema
or talked about in the paper .
what happens behind closed door is never known or so
we
should believe .
while the act itself does become repetitive after a bit ,
director jang try to change it up a bit with some constantly
changing scenery .
our character are continually moving from hotel room to hotel room
to best quench their thirst for each other 's flesh .
this is fun at first 
but again ,
jang 's repetitive streak seems to make it feel boring than exciting .
this leads me to the biggest issue
that i had with this film .
jang had a great story with gojitmal ,
but where he failed
( outside of the obvious choice
to focus directly on the pornographic side )
was that he took scene ,
repeated them time and again ,
without changing in front of us
to allow us to get to know the character .
where was jang going with this movie ?
did he want the sex
to tell the story ,
or did he believe
the character would ?
he failed in this sense
because by the end of the film we know so little about y and j
that we could care less
how they resolve themselves .
the ending seems almost random at best as jang attempt to create a final resolution for our two 
absolute unknown 
of this film .
i have to give jang some credit for trying 
but not much .
he attempted to create some sub-story
that would create the personal element
that we were lacking ,
but they just could not congeal well together .
y 's other and j 's wife were those plot point 
but again ,
due to him focusing
so strongly on the sexual element ,
these stronger sub-story became un-rememberable and down-right dull .
maybe it was just how i viewed this film ,
but outside of the sexual scene 
nothing else worked together .
we knew nothing about j and y
and that is why gojitmal failed.finally 
i would like to say
that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or a daftly remote music genre element
to it to ing us 
the viewer 
closer to the emotion
being felt by j and y. from what i can remember ,
and i am trying to push this film far from my mind ,
i do not remember any musical undertone .
gojitmal may have been a stronger film
if jang either stylized it with music
or done something to allude toward our character 's being .
while i understand
that he wanted the sex
to speak for itself ,
there was just a technical element missing from this film
that may have quenched a stronger desire for more .
technically 
this was a poor film .
obviously an independent film in nature ,
it felt more like director jang was trying to make symbolic reference out of nothing
instead of your typical independent of this nature .
i did not see as much of a social message or human element like mentioned above ,
i just felt like he threw this film together over the course of two week and understood
that the sex would sell it enough .
this was no larry clark production ;
this was sub-par and definitely needed some further technical click
to develop it stronger than the final release !
overall 
i think
i could have liked this film
and there were smaller element
that i did enjoy ,
but i felt this film was rushed 
repetitive ,
and played too much toward the taboos instead of eaking them .
the obvious pitfall of this film can be seen by the last scene of this film
when we are privy to how the title of this film was conceived .
our character were uneventful ,
our story was underdeveloped ,
and we could have used something memorable
to make what was happening between y and j into something more symbolic than sex .
to me 
jang was trying too much to capture art house meet pornographic
and it failed miserably .
this was not a film worth the time and effort
that it took to make.grade :
** out of *****
