this infamous ending to koen wauter ' career
came to my attention through the 'night of bad taste ' .
judging by the comment index i was not the first and i am not to be the last person in western europe
to learn
that this musician
( undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene ,
even the dutch agree on that )
tried to be an actor .
whether he should have made the attempt or not can not be judged .
in 'intensive care ' he is quite likable ,
but he seems to be uncomfortable with the flick
in which he is participating .
no one can blame him .
it deserves its ranking in verheyen 's hall of fame by all mean and standard .
the story of the murderous maniac
who is supposed to have died in an accident
but is alive
and wrathful has been told dozen of time before ,
and even without original twist a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative setting and cinematography .
ic content itself with a hospital wing and a couple of middle class house .
the pace is dull .
the tension looses the last bit of its credibility to the musical score ,
for every appearance of the murderer is accompagnied by a tedious menacing melody ,
followed by orchestral outburst during the murder ,
which or largely suggested and in any case
as bloodless as a small budget can make them .
the sex scene is gratuitous but not in the least appealing .
the couple from amsterdamned could have made it work 
though .
while dealing with the couple subject :
the whole subplot between wauter and the girl does not work .
a more effective emotional connection could have been established on screen
if they had just been fellow victims-to-be ,
who loosen their nerve halfway through physical intercourse .
i will not even grant the other cast member the dignity of a mentioning ,
for they should all have been chopped up into tiny greasy piece .
as a matter of fact 
most of them do .
the one i recall where obvious for the genre :
a pretty nurse and two cop .
hence 
in a slasher 
the cavalry only comes in time
to need rescue itself .
the ( anti- ) hero has to take out the villain 
mostly through clever thinking ,
for former red beret do not often get part in these film ;
they might overcome the illusion of invincibility
that surround the killer .
translated to the event 
wauter kills the doctor and saves the dame in distress .
no person 
i am not finished .
this is not how the story goes .
wauter makes his heroic attempt but gets beaten up with a fury
that comes close to `` a clockwork orange '' ,
so it is up to the girl
to pick up the driller killer act and pierce through the doctor ain .
though this method ensures the killer 's death more than the usual round of 9mm bullet ,
the doctor survives
in order to enable ic to reach the 80 min mark.i
should have made my point by now .
intensive care is a bad movie ,
which can only be enjoyed by bad taste lover ,
who can verify verheyen 's catchy statement
and make some up for themselves
and that way try to sit through it .
for example 
the ( unintended )
parody value of the doctor 's clown mask
( halloween )
and the final confrontation in the park
( the chase at the end of friday the 13th ) .however ,
let me conclude by giving an overview by a few measly element
which give ic a little credit .
george kennedy is not one of them .
all he has to do is endure a horrible monologue by a fellow doctor/french actor and look horrified
when they let him go down in flame in order to tag his big name on a stand-in .
he could have played his naked gun part again ,
to end up as beef 
but with a longer screen time .
the finale may be one of them .
i had never seen
a maniac being ought down
by launching firework into his gut in order
to crush him againt a flexible fence .
it is good for a laugh.name one good truly point about intensive care ... koen wauter learned his lesson
and devoted himself entirely to his musical career .
it makes me wonder
how many edition of the paris-dakar race he has to abort
before coming to his sense .
