***light spoiler alert*** the story sounds good
and if you have read the novel ,
then you are probably expecting a deep and intense movie
that could offer some insight for some interesting and insufficiently explored human relationships.true enough ,
the script try to do that ,
the director try to do that ,
but the main cast fails miserably .
marium 's acting is so dry
that lacks any feeling whatsoever 
her most intense moment seem almost comical .
sometimes she seems to be nervous due to the camera .
her only really feeling scene is near the end where
she gets dumped by her girlfriend.ioana seems even more tense than marium and even worse ,
she does not seem natural at all .
marium had the attitude ,
even if it was artificially pushed toward being obvious ,
but she had it
and her character received some credibility .
and to make matter worse ,
we do not have an insight on her :
where does she come from ,
how come
she got involved in the lesbian relationship ,
how did the relationship evolve ?
we only get some bit from her parent
and their relationship just seems to 'be ' there :
it has a content and and end 
but no beginning .
just like her partner marium 
she has only once scene
that is truly touching 
the scene
where she dumps marium 's character kiki.tudor is the only person in this movie
( aside from the landlady 
great acting there )
who manages to prove some acting talent .
he has his character 's attitude
and it fits him .
only once or twice he seems to falter
( the scene at his parent ' meal 
he try to be obvious
when it was not necessary at all )
.i love the story 
tudor chirila is ok there 
the landlady actually act and puya deliver his couple of line with style ,
but this does not save the movie .
too bad 
the entire setting had huge potential
and the romanian cinematography could have used a movie on this theme.oddly enough ,
the incestuous relationship between other and sister seems to have more credibility than the no-background no-feeling
( well 
marium 's spoken interlude are a nice try in this direction )
lesbian relationship of marium and ioana .
i am quite sorry for spending money on a ticket ,
i would rather had watched it from the comfort of my room .
