fact about national lampoon goes to the movie 
a.k.a .
national lampoon 's movie madness:1. the movie is poor 
even by lampoon 's typical standard .
2. it is not funny .
3. no one goes to see a movie.so ,
after i finished watching it ,
i began wondering
why on earth it is called 'national lampoon goes to the movie 
'
and why it was ever conceived 
much less actually made .
it would be like calling austin power 'an american guy goes to the movie . '
how lame .
he is not american ,
and he does not go to movie .
none of the character in lampoon 's so-called 'satire ' are funny ,
and none go see movie ,
which causes a bit of a problem .
i had hoped
it would be something in the vein of mystery science theater 3000 ,
but it is not.this was national lampoon 's first film after animal house ,
although you could not tell it from the quality of film .
poorly developed 
rough and amateurish by any standard ,
it induces headach \u0096 not a good sign for an 89-minute movie
that seems double the length.i have noticed a pattern .
really bad movie are typically renamed \u0096 and this little disaster fall under that category .
it has two separate title
-- probably to help try and promote it to person too stupid
to remember
how bad a panning it received from home video critic in 1982/83 .
'hmm 
movie madness \u0096 i have never heard of this movie before !
let 's rent it ! '
and then 
the realization :
'hey 
wait a minute ,
this is just national lampoon goes to the movie !
'it was shelved by mgm/ua ,
never to be released into theater or dvd ;
it occasionally pops up on television a few time per decade ,
which is just about the only place
you will manage
to find it.it
is split up into three story \u0096 a parody of self-enlargement video 
butter and corporate ruthlessness 
and polouse utality/cop-buddy film
( i guess ) .
the first segment star peter riegert
( animal house )
as a frustrated guy
who divorces his wife
and does some other stuff .
i am not sure what
because it was so boring my mind
started to drift .
until the sex scene popped up.part ii is about an exotic dancer
raped by a stick of butter
( do not ask )
who decides to become queen of the margarine
so she can cut off the supply of dairy product .
ouch !
this contains the only funny line in the movie :
'only i can make love with my son ! '
if you think
that does not sound very funny ,
you are right \u0096
it is not .
and just imagine \u0096
it is the highlight of this film !
part iii is about a cop
who chases down a serial killer
( christopher lloyd )
only to lose his nerve
and shoot the guy .
it does contain one funny scene
but it is extremely over-acted \u0096 only lloyd really exhibits any humor ,
playing his character dry and compassionate 
yet strangely surreal .
the part where he is choking his victim and the meek cop stand
by watching it all unfold ,
at least 
evoked a chuckle or two.it is a shame
to watch such a cast of semi-famous name resort to low standard .
the writer of each segment clearly believe
that they are being very ironic and clever by spoofing so-called stereotype \u0096 the fault
being that the movie becomes one huge contradiction 
favoring the standard t and a instead of plot ;
crude humor instead of witty dialogue ;
desperate performance instead of inspired one .
it is easy to see
that none of the actor were enthralled with the material 
muttering their line ,
often so embarrassed
they can seldom make eye contact with the camera.the movie is not funny ,
as i said before .
i laughed once 
at only one line 
and even then it was a halfhearted one .
two chuckle 
a smile 
and a very weak laugh .
compared to movie madness ,
a number of other decent comedy seem like regular laugh tracks.i like national lampoon 's vacation series
( or 
at least three of four installment ) ,
and their classic animal house ,
but their recent slew of direct-to-video bomb such as golf punk
( with that great comic genius tom arnold )
provide a good example of why their magazine went out of print more than a decade ago .
it gets really old ,
really fast.sad to see a new film ,
called gold digger ,
is being released with their 'stamp of approval . '
it is like condemning a film
before it even hits theater \u0096 maybe
they should start not advertising their name all over the place distributor :
'this movie is bad .
it gets the national lampoon stamp of approval .
that 'll teach you not to make something so awful next time .
'forget the death penalty .
just stick a bunch of criminal in a room
and make them watch this over
and over every day for a month.it is so bad
that i can not even begin to explain its putrid vileness .
i give up .
