i thought
this was a splendid showcase for mandy 's bodacious bod .
if you do not expect anything else ,
such as clever plot twist and believable character developmant ,
you will not be disappointed .
consider this a sport illustrated shoot whose character goes around killing person 
especially those
who threaten to come between her and her 'mommy '
( suzanna arquette ,
who obviously does not want to play the sex kitten -
she leaves
that up to her daughter )
.mandy 's face is a little too perfect ,
but her body is a complete 5-alarm fire 
up there in the rank of sophia loren
when it comes to natural bustiness 
a perfect 7-to-10 ratio of waist to hip 
and splendidly configured leg 
right down to her foot .
( there has to be some ideal configuration of thigh to knee to calf to ankle
that is altogether pleasing to the eye ;
mandy certainly is the model for this idealized ratio )
.and no flat butt to boot ,
which seems to be the undoing of many a busty babe with curf everywhere except in the 'nether hemisphere ' .
mandy might have used a body double in the rear shot of her losing her towel
as she descended into the candle-lit hot tub with her blindfolded german-guy victim no .
2 ,
but from all i could see from her bikini shot ,
she had the butt for it
and did not need a double
to prove it.mandy 's acting ability had little to do with her impression of a psychotic 'mommy 's girl ' 
with the obvious erotic lesbian overtone .
her bisexual nature
( allowing herself to be boinked in the hot tub after a long flirtation with german guy no .
2 ,
who also happened to be her mother 's lover )
added an additional dimansion to an otherwise one-dimansional caricature of adolescent female horniness conflicted with pathological murderous impulse
( always by water with the man -
the ultimate fate of the latina housekeeper was edited out in the televised version for some obscure reason )
.mandy 's uber-nordic facial feature coupled with her uber-voluptuous body could either be a blessing or a curse .
if mandy really wants to further her career as an actress ,
i would advise her to immerse herself fully in the romance languages 
especially italian and spanish - and maybe french ,
although i do not know
if they would go for her type .
but this would enable her to reconcile her bo derek face with her vida guerra body -
but maybe her face is just a little too nordic ,
and she has shown off too much of her extraordinary body in a cheesy movie
to enable her to advance to any more fame
that was enjoyed by michelle johnson of the 1980 's whose early fame in blame
it on rio was followed by a series of skin flick
that failed to make it off the ground.vambo drule .
