after watching this film ,
i was left with a two very annoyance about this film :
why did they make chen 's character this `` mcguyver hit-man '' and lee 's character such an incompetent idiot ?
chen 's character 's background is that he was raised in an underground cambodian orphanage for blood thirsty fighter
where they learn to awl it out to the death like wild `` dog . ''
this detail is pushed early on during a scene
where he gets into a cab
and as it starts to drive ,
he shows
how he is unfamiliar with a seat belt .
soon after this scene 
he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant .
not only is he uneducated ,
he is starving .
this is not a reference to chen 's scrawny physique but to the two early scene in the film
where he is scarfing down food 
one of which ,
being rice porridge off the floor of the lower deck on an old ship .
si in the first ten minute of the film 
it is established that chen is malnutrition-ed 
unmodernized ,
and has only thing going for him 
his `` dog '' awling fighting style of some sort .
despite this situation ,
chen manage to out-shoot every policeman
( even managing to ricochet a bullet off a metal pipe
to hit a guy in a head ,
whom was holding chen 's girlfriend hostage )
and has somehow attained a super human strength
( swing a 50 lb block of concrete 
plastered on the end of a metal pipe 
to the head of the police chief
as he is getting shot in the chest ,
by said chief )
.now lee 's character ... okay 
i get it ,
he is depressed ,
he is got some baggage 
but wow 
can he do anything right ?
one moment 
they try to make him cool ,
composed and ready to take care of business ,
and the next moment 
he just got beat again .
first scene he runs into chen ,
and he manage to misses him 
from approx 15 ft 
multiple time .
toward the end of that scene 
lee watch chen as his close friend and coworker gets slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for a good full 5 second ,
while holding a gun to chen face ,
at a 10 ft distance .
even at the end of the movie 
lee manage to get stabbed to death and fails
once again.and my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a manner
that film maker are trying to get the audience to sympathize with chen 's character
and that he is just `` killing to survive . ''
that would be a lot easier
if i did not just watch chen kill innocent person throughout the whole awful movie .
of the numerous person
he killed ,
only two person had the intention
of trying to kill him 
the police chief and lee .
other were just person
who were eating 
boat owner 
taxi driver 
and policeman trying to arrest him ,
not kill .
overall 
chen 's character is a just a cold blooded killer
who kills for what he wants ,
even if its just a free ride .
( did i mention
he is carrying a wad of hundred dollar bill throughout most of the film ? )
my 3 star go to some of the interesting director/camera work
who got in some nice shots.bottomline :
one made for the nut-hugging chen fan .
for me 
`` dog bite this dvd ''
