i realize
that inging a novel to the big screen is always problematic .
that is the only positive thing
i can say about this truly horrid adaptation.have you read 'wise blood ? '
it is an amazing book .
flannery o'connor wrote about the south
as no one else has .
she was a southerner herself 
a devout catholic 
and a remarkably gifted writer .
in her first novel she wove together a dark
and deeply disturbing tale of faith 
doubt 
and redemption with a macae sense of humor and surprising evenhandedness .
the character in the book may seem outrageous to those
who have not lived in the rural south ,
but i can assure you
that such person do exist .
not only do they exist ,
they are human being with family 
feeling 
and concern like anyone else .
flannery 's intention were so often misunderstood -
she was not lampooning these backwood zealots -
she saw in them the beautiful operation
of what she would have called 'grace ' ... even in the most violent 
distressing 
and maddening of circumstance .
to read 'wise blood '
is to be washed over with a sense of dread and impending doom .
finally 
it is to think long and hard about our judgment and preconception - our entire world view.none of this comes through in john huston 's 'gilligan 's island'-like adaptation .
none .
it is a farce .
a bad farce .
the entire film is saturated with a hauteur
that turns the stomach .
the acting is poor ,
the southern accent are fake and insulting .
the filmmaker show no insight into the thinking of religious southerner .
ms. o'connor 's intense prose are reduced to sight gag and cheap 
amateur theatre .
the soundtrack is a mixture of hayseed silliness and 'clockwork orange'-style cheeseball electronic
that does not fit the story or even the movie .
i was granted free admission to this movie
and almost walked out .
truly 
truly terrible.as an aside ,
i do not agree with ms. o'connor 's religious view ,
and
while i was raised in the deep south ,
year ago i made my way north
and have not looked back .
but the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individual
( like every other place on earth ) ,
and the cartoonish mockery with which southerner and their attitude are dealt in this movie border on offensive .
if you are into being offended
( which i am not ) ,
then this movie most definitely crosses the line.i do not like to talk crap about an artist 's work -
john huston was a man
that i did not know ,
and i am sure
he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker ,
to which his respected place in film history attest .
my view are clearly skewed by having read
( and loved )
flannery o'connor 's work .
so i do not claim to be coming from any other perspective .
maybe as a stand-alone film it works for cinephile .
but for flannery o'connor fan - and 
i might add ,
for self-respecting southerner and openminded individual of all stripe - this movie is a waste of time .
