when it first came out ,
this work by the meysel other was much criticized
and even judged to be exploitation .
luckily 
it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary cinema ,
especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is reality television ,
and the bad evolution of most direct cinema.really 
at first 
we must say
that this is not really direct cinema ,
it is more cinema verit\u00e9 .
the difference between the two is very slight ,
but it mainly is the fact
that in this documentary 
we are made to feel the presence of the meysel other ,
and they do interact with the character filmed .
this as well makes it clear
that it is not exploitation .
the meysel have been allowed in the house ,
and they are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household .
and both edith and edie just love the idea
of being filmed.it would have been very disappointing
had very been shown only a voice of god narration and shallow interview .
here 
we are given a full portrait of the madness of the house 
a madness
that does seem to go down well with both edie and her mother edith .
their house is a mess 
litter and animal everywhere 
faded color and furniture all over the house ,
and the constant fight
that are constant interaction of reality .
these two person have lived with each other their whole life ,
and are not fighting in front of the camera
because they want the attention ,
but rather because they can not help talking to each other this way .
they know each other too well
to hide their inner feeling ,
there is no need .
in the end 
though ,
even as they blame each other for their life ,
they really love each other deeply .
edie says
she does not want her mother to die ,
because she loves her very much ,
and edith says
that she does not want edie to leave her
because she does not want to be alone.but the most interesting aspect of the film
is that
regardless of their old age ,
the two woman can not help be girl .
they can not help being one the singer 
the other the dancer .
exhibit all their artistic skill in front of their camera .
when edie asks david meysel rhetorically `` where have you been all my life ? ''
she is really very happy
that she finally gets to show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirl skill .
a beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm
that is highly unlikely to be ever seen again ,
the way
only the meysel and few other could do .
