i really have no idea how to comment on this movie .
the special effect were lackluster ,
the acting was terrible
and if there was a plot
to it all ,
it was on the back of the box .
i do not think
i can remember a movie
being this bad in a long time ,
and i am a big fan of lesbian sex and booby ! !
; )
even that could not save this movie from being just a terrible excuse
to pay someone to stand
( or lay in this case )
in front of a camera.i was pretty much let down by the overall `` zombie '' effect .
since apparently in this movie ,
zombie are so commonplace
that running over a couple here and there ,
and casually talking about it at a gas station
( one with an in-house windshield repair
but no interior bathroom ) ,
the zombie-movie genre is not even a factor until the end .
even then 
a cameo by a dozen zombie ripping off a girl 's clothe does not really constitute being a zombie movie.on to the vampire :
apparently all the zombie are male
and all the vampire are female ,
which is ok by me .
i am not sure
how vampire are out in the daylight ,
or the why/how of a soldier vampire came to be standing in the middle of the road ,
still holding his gun with a stake through his heart ,
just waiting for the queen of the vampire to flick it all the way through .
the last segment in the old nunnery made no sense ,
and when one hot lesbian vampire asks
the other hot lesbian vampire `` do you think
we did the right thing ? ''
by killing the two apparent hero in the movie ,
that about put it over the top.the acting and special effect
were at an all-time low also .
you could almost see the hose
that the fake blood was pumped out of during the closeup of the zombie
who got ran over by the general .
speaking of the general ,
where did they find this kenny roger look-alike anyway ?
no idea
what he was the general of 
aside of generally confusing and misplaced.all in all 
watch the movie
if you have nothing better
to do
or if
you have the strong urge to waste $ 3 .
just my $ 0.02 .
