the original title means `` the birth of the octopus '' .
i must confess
that i do not quite understand this title .
the english title is `` water lily '' .
but after having written this ,
i read the comment by another user :
`` the title in french is also suggestive :
`` prieuve '' 
or octopus 
suggest an individual
having to juggle many pressure simultaneously . ''
thank for your explanation.the basic theme is the first sexual emotion of girl ,
when it is not clear
if they are directed toward the same or the other sex .
it is no different for boy .
i think
that both floriane and marie will eventually have heterosexual feeling
without any admixtures.much of the movie is water ballet .
sometimes the girl will have their head downward ,
and nothing above the water except their foot and lower leg ,
with which they will wave and kick in the air .
to person like me
who had never seen such thing before ,
it was fascinating .
- floriane is the leader of one team of `` water lily '' .
marie tell her
that she would like to see
when floriane is training .
this seems to be their first contact
that is not just ordinary .
soon they will walk together .
floriane takes marie to a garage
where a boy is waiting for her ,
and then goes away with him for an hour ,
while marie is waiting for her to return .
i took for granted
that the couple slept with each other .
but we will later learn from the movie
that they do less than that .
i can supply some information
which few user will find elsewhere .
there is a scene
in which marie secretly steal floriane 's garbage bag .
in it she finds an apple 
mostly eaten .
and marie proceed to eat the rest .
\u0096 there is a parallel scene in another movie ,
`` kazetachi no gogo ''
( afternoon breeze )
by hitoshi yazaki
( japan 
1980 ) .
this is about adult young female ,
and a clearly lesbian woman is vainly in love with a heterosexual woman .
she also steal a garbage bag of the beloved ,
and also finds a more or less eaten apple
and eats the rest .
later floriane tell marie
that she would like to have her first orgasm from her .
marie says
she can not do this .
but still later marie says
that she is indeed willing to do it .
and she masturbates on floriane .
there is no nudity in this scene .
probably only a female director could have made such a fine psychological show
or study of \u0096 i would like to quote baudelaire ,
`` les amour enfantine '' .floriane is played by ad\u00e8le haenel ,
who made the excellent performance as the autistic girl in `` the little devil '' by christophe ruggia
( 2002 )
\u0096 a very underrated movie .
