this unassuming 
fairly routine series deserves credit in the tv history book for two reason :
it was the first to win an emmy award for best syndicated series ,
and it was the very first show
to come from the fabled studio of republic picture ,
known for its low-budget but high-powered shoot-em-up in the 30 's and 40's.republic was one of the first hollywood studio
to make a leap into the small screen ,
which was still in its infancy .
but the studio ' tenure as producer of tv pulp fiction would be ief .
after this show 
they would later dabble with the other format
that
they were known for 
the adventure serial 
with `` commando cody '' 
as well as other series 
but like this one 
they did not last longer than 39 episode .
also 
republic was in its last stage as a studio ;
it would finish out its tenure in hollywood as rental stage for several revue studio series such as `` soldier of fortune '' 
the original `` dragnet '' 
and `` kit carson '' ,
before finally shutting its door in 1959.anyway ,
`` story of the century '' was not that bad of an oater ,
its calling card was tale based on authentic figure in western history 
mainly outlaw like black bart 
johnny ringo 
john wesley hardin 
the dalton bros. and the like .
the late jim davis 
best known for his role as the ewing patriarch in `` dallas '' ,
put in an amiable job in the lead role as matt clark 
a fictional railroad detective
who has to contend with said outlaw ,
played by veteran and soon-to-be veteran character actors.two amazing fact here :
the incident would take place in different time line 
some in the 1880 's 
some at the turn of the century ,
but clark never ages .
and also 
matt has the good luck
to saddle himself with two lovely female detective as sidekick 
frankie adam ,
played by mary castle ,
and her replacement 
margaret `` joney '' jone 
by kristine miller .
the lone ranger could only wish for lady companionship .
you can only spend such time with tonto for so long .
`` story of the century '' is a studio city tv production from republic picture corp. 39 episode were made during 1954 ,
all 39 of which are in public domain and on dvd .
