this is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right .
the plot cutdown might disappoint the fan of the book
( but really how many modern reader have read bleak house
without seeing a film version first ?
i know of only a few ) .
i think
it is quite appalling to see reviews critical of the series
which have clearly been written by person
who have not a clue about the story -
did you actually see the series
or did you just bag a bbc production
because gillian anderson was in the newer version ? the series captures the mood 
pace 
character and plot-driver
( cutting out the dickenian flourish
which are not needed
and detract from a film treatmant like the turveydrop story 
the smallweed family dynamic and the extra lawyer - tangle ,
vhole etc are very truncated ) .
the only omission
that i wish
had been kept
was the jellyby incident
but as the first episode is already a trifle slow
( after the first episode the pace is perfect )
i can see
it had to go .
the only other criticism i have is that jo 's death could have been more faithfully done .
i can see
that would have practically canonized woodcourt
and he is kept a little more human for not
having that scene but really i think
jo 's death is one of the most poignant point of the book and i missed it
even though it always makes me cry.has theowinthrop actually seen the series ?
how did he think
that esther was raised by her aunt and uncle ? ?
who is this uncle ?
i suppose someone
who could mistake the name of denholm eliott for desmond
is not really an appreciator of english art
( film or literature )
.i also think
he mistakes the treatmant of the law .
yes the law is drawn very badly in bleak house .
it fails the descendant of jarndyce
whose valuable inheritance is eaten up by the cost of litigation ,
it fails the deceased tom jarndyce and rick carstone and all
who have faith in the suit .
it fails miss flyte .
in some sense it also fails captain hawdon
who is driven to his death by the monotony of law copyist work .
yes it feeds the scavenger of vhole and tangle .
but it also makes man like guppy and kenge able to move beyond their station in life .
though not kind to social status-climber dicken clearly would have preferred
that they were not bound to being stuck in the station
to which they were born
( contrast jo and the ickmaker ' family to the climbing out of poverty by charley neckett ) .
also 
the law ,
while misused by tulkinghorn and the chancery vulture ,
is actually the source of security for the ward of the court ada and richard 
and for esther
who is simply jarndyce 's ward .
their security was ensured by the law
which delivers them to jarndyce.i can not see
how anyone could have trouble
following the story -
remember you are not supposed to realize esther is lady dedlock 's daughter right at the beginning .
neither are you supposed to `` get '' all the connection immediately .
instant gratification just does not happen in dicken.as for `` seeing clearly '' through the fog - gosh the gillian anderson had such scatty editing
that i found
it impossible to follow
and i knew the plot already ! i found diana rigg absolutely illiant
( overacting and drama do not make a good lady dedlock
but
if you think
they do try the gillian anderson version )
.it is ada and rick not `` kate '' !
and you get all you need of the rouncewell subplot .
