96 minute of this is cruel..and i love the old munster 's .
yes 
the plot is thing ;
yes the line are trite ;
but whoever was at the helm of this was not a fan .
there is so much 'intrigue '
( and i use that word with great pause )
that i wonder
if it is an old starsky and hutch episode .
i lost count of the number of time i noticed
that makeup had missed a spot near the collar .
refusing to acknowledge
that any time had passed since the mid-60 's
( ludicrous )
the producer simply replace marilyn and eddie with younger actor .
why not let them grow and age ?
the addition of an addam 's family style reunion does not add to the flavor of the halloween party.grandpa and herman fly to transylvania and back in a few hour
( preposterous . )
sid ceaser is the most 
yes the most unbelievable character
( i am
including the bad robot )
since he babbles an unwild combination of gibberish and yiddish
but claim to be an ancient arabic ruler .
and yes 
it looks like the laugh track is missing .
in fact 
there are several spot
where there is dead air ,
as if the laugh track was to be inserted later .
the actor seem to wait on the faux audience .
it is not laughable ;
it is sad .
oh 
and the best part !
yvonne decarlo has a line
that just goes to show you
how out of touch the writer and producer were .
marilyn says something like :
`` where could uncle herman and grandpa be ?
they could have been in an accident .
they could have been hit by a car ... or a train ! ''
lily says respond with something like :
`` you are uncle herman will be here
if he has to drag himself off the train track . ''
what is amazing about this is :
yvonne decarlo 's husband was a stuntman in the early 60 's
and lost a leg
and was nearly killed in a train stunt .
he never recovered and this financially devastated her family .
( check out biography 's fantastic review of her life and career )
this line could have been easily changed to be more sensitive to her.if
you are a real fan of the munster 's then
you will have to rent this mess .
it illustrates how some thing are better left alone .
even with the
( nearly )
original cast 
this is almost as bad as the attempted remake of the show a few year ago .
