re :
pro juryalthough the lead actress is strikingly beautiful ,
the plot stands little chance of acceptance
because too many distracting detail face the audience during the unfolding of the story.one may believe
that middle-class teen-age school girl in the 1950 's easily gave away their virginity
without thought of marriage to 30-year-old 's they barely know ,
but i doubt it .
`` easily give away virginity '' ?
what a shrewd remark about this film .
truly.one may believe
that young high school teen are highly self-confident and self-assured
as they interact with their elder in complex social situation ,
but my experience has been 
more often than not ,
teenager feel very awkward and act clumsy
as they experiment in the adult world.you just are not at all able
to see the world other than through your own eye ?
that is sad.one may believe
that a experienced medical doctor would not know the pungent oder of stroptomycin
-- the smelly fermenting byproduct of busy earth microbe --
and not detect
that some lifeless bland powder is fake ,
but i think not .
and another `` expert '' opinion drawn from experience .
dandy.one may believe
that 30-something-year-old troublemaker can enter into ,
and hang around inside 
a public school rec hall during a school social
and make trouble ,
but i think
that school social are traditionally a protected environment and parent ,
chaparone and school staff would be around
to prevent this.now be a good sport
and tell us
at which institution you grew up.one final nit 
throughout hey babu riba the five teenage friend
referred to themselves as the foursome .
there is probably an explanation
why the five were the foursome ,
but
because it was never detailed ,
each reference distract from each scene.of course there is probably an explanation .
good job figuring that out !
now i will be generous
and will help you out of your misery :
although it was translated as a general `` foursome '' 
the word `` and # 269 ; etvorka '' has another meaning :
it is a sport term used
to designate a 4m or 4w setup
- a rowing crew
consisting of 5 person :
4 rower and a coxswain.this movie did not ring true for me.we should all heed to your competent and praiseworthy opinion .
dude .
