`` cypher '' is a cleverly
conceived story about industrial espionage
set in america in the not too distant future .
while thematically not complex ,
this film does offer many different perspective about personal loyalty 
ruthlessness 
and corporate conspiracy .
to a certain extent this film also attempts to represent modern corporate group and company
as being indifferent to the risk their contract employee take on their behalf.the film starts off with a somewhat mediocre salary man 
morgan sullivan
( jeremy northam ) ,
who applies to the digicorp group
to work as an undercover operative .
after an initial iefing with digicorp 's security chief 
sullivan is then given a new identity
( jack thursby )
and sent to a business conference with the task
of recording the speech
given by various spokesman
concerning the marketing strategy of each of their respective company .
upon successfully completing his first assignment ,
sullivan/thursby is sent on further mission
to obtain the same type of information
previously gathered .
however 
on one of his `` business trip '' he inadvertently runs into a woman
named rita foster ,
( liu )
whom he had met on his previous assignment ,
and from there thing go extremely topsy-turvy .
the implication of a diabolical conspiracy
involving digicorp 's espionage program
begin to emerge
and sullivan
is forced to go deep cover at one of digicorp 's main competitor ,
thus becoming a double agent
involved in an intense rivalry between the two company .
(
( spoiler end here ) )
what i liked most about this film was the efficient use of lighting and shadow in a lot of the scene .
vivid lighting was used in mainly domestic/household setting ,
while a lot of shadow and dark coloring were used for setting
involving deception and cover-up .
i was also very impressed with jeremy northam .
not too often have i seen him in the lead role ,
and the fact
that he plays a disenchanted married man straight out of wisconsin
was illiant .
personally ,
i think
he is one of the many under used actor in the industry
who has not been given more challenging role .
lucy liu was also incredible in her part
and gave the movie its real cloak-and-dagger tone .
additionally 
the rest of the supporting cast did a superb job 
however ,
my only complaint was that some character could have been explored more to make the plot and closure a little more complicated .
for example 
i would have loved to see what would have happened
if jack thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second `` wife . ''
overall 
this is a cleverly developed cloak-and-dagger story
that keeps you guessing to the very end about personal and professional loyalty
and whether anyone in the entire film can be trusted .
with a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work 
this film provides a scary look
at how corporation might operate in the near future .
i am surprised
that i had never watched this `` hidden gem '' before .
this is a illiant 
not-too-overly complicated spy thriller ,
and therefore i am giving it a 9/10 .
