it might be a little erroneous
to open a review
by describing a film in term of other film ,
but i think
it is the best way
to give an approximation of the place election occupy in the gangster genre arena .
it works somewhere in between the godfather and kinji fukasaku 's yakuza opus the yakuza paper
( aka battle
without honour and humanity ) ,
in that it is simultaneously both romanticized and realistic 
dark and gritty .
but it is also a johnnie to film ,
and as such it carries the distinct touch of the hong kong auteur.every two year the hk triad elects a new boss .
only this time one of the candidate is not overly happy with the result
so he decides to take matter into his own hand much to the dismay of the rest of the triad and the police .
that is the story in a nutshell
but rest assured
it has a lot more going for it than that .
as in the yakuza paper 
there is a great deal of scheming 
back-stabbing and forming and switching of allegiance
( sometimes all
it takes is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scene i
have seen in recent time )
which might not necessarily make for deep drama
but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict .
fan of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect .
election is not as action-oriented as one might expect ;
although it is violent .
and i am not talking about the glossy 
glamour version of hollywood violence .
this is dark and grim .
to 's camera lingers in the scene of person being utalized in way
that reveal both the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrator and victim ;
after all violence is an integral part of us
whether we like it or not.if you are familiar with to 's style ,
then you should know what to expect .
the pacing is relatively slow and deliberate .
the cinematography is great 
slick and dark in equal measure 
utilizing dark hue
( own 
dark green and orange )
while the smooth tracking shot add a viant quality to it .
in the end 
election occupy a peculiar place .
it is not exactly a character study
and it is not an action-oriented gangster film .
it explores a situation
( the election and its aftermath ) ,
but does so in style ,
and is both realistic and romanticized
( the triad ceremoney in particular echo of an oriental godfather ) .
