i saw this film at the chicago reeling film festival .
to pick up on the previous reviewer 's remark ,
the claustrophobic feel
and off color of the film is i sense quite intentional and conveys the sense of limited space 
drab architecture 
overall drabness
that constitutes the urban environment of most person in eastern and central europe .
a bit shabby housing project style is how i would describe it ,
and this is how many person live on the outskirt of larger city .
i can not say
that i am familiar with bucharest 
romania where the action unfolded ,
but i have visited
and lived in eastern europe for six month .
when i visited russia as a student for a semester ,
my entire group had to drag their luggage seven story up the staircase of a shabby student dorm building 
just as the heroine does
when moving in with a woman ,
because the elevator were not working .
but 
i do concur with the reviewer ,
that the claustrophobia and muted color ,
it is overdone ,
for there are ,
to be sure ,
beautiful historic building 
park 
square
you can find in bucharest or in any historic city center of eastern europe ,
and bucharest 's did not get much of any footage in this film .
for me watching this film conveys well the claustrophobia
that i would feel
during my half-year stay there ,
feeling trapped and limited .
( it makes you see
why someone would want to immigrate and find a better life 
just as person
if hope to escape from a united state urban ghetto . )
also ,
given the climate of homophobia ,
say 
circa 
us in the 1980s 
the two young woman
who fall in love with one another
are forced to keep their love a very private matter ;
hence ,
the focus on their interaction in the apartment.it is remarkable and commendable in my view
that this queer themed film was even made in romania ,
and i find the complaint of the previous reviewer about the poor film quality quite uninformed and patronizing .
it is unlikely that the director and producer drummed up much government support and funding for their film ,
and they did the best
they could with their likely limited resource .
the actor were fairly good and believable ;
the dialog was overall well done ,
and i could identity with these woman.the film offers an added twist to that of forbidden love between two young woman 
kiki 
an energetic 
fun-loving free spirit with a dark 
troubling secret
( her admiration and love for an abusive 
incestuous other 
sandu )
falls in love with alexandra 
a ight 
bookish 
idealistic young woman
who moves to bucharest
to begin her college study .
opposite attract ,
and their personality seem to complement one another ,
though there is some tension between the ambitious 
studious 
intellectual alexandra and kiki ,
who seems to be attending college to please her parent .
keeping their love hidden from their parent seems manageable ,
though we do not get any sense of the tension
it requires ,
nor do we ever see or meet any other student
-- hard to believe --
and the tension
keeping their love secret
would have entailed .
the chief threat to their love is kiki 's other and her difficulty
in trying to severe her relation to him .
but kiki 's love for alexandra seems to give her the strength
she needs to finally severe this bond ,
or does it ?
that is what the suspense of the film focuses on as the narrative develop ,
and i will not say
how it concludes.ironically 
kiki 's love `` sickness '' is not love for another woman 
but her illicit 
incestuous love for her other .
thus 
loving a woman offers the potential cure to the sickness of loving a sibling .
though this feel of this film is stifling and claustrophobic 
overly confined to interaction between kiki and alexandra ,
it was still engaging and moving to watch ,
so i will give it a 7 .
