can not believe my eye
when read quite a bunch of other comment and review .
as if it were a mediocre movie of some run-of-the-mill dudes.the movie
is great 
funny 
crazy 
over-the-top violent though with minimum gore ,
and all the way energetic to the core .
loved every single bit of it .
can not remember anything insane like this made for laugh and martial art
showing off .
and now the most important thing
( at least to me ) :
it is computer effect free .
when i watch some hollywood actor duking it out on screen in modern high-resolution and damn high-budgeted action `` fuflo ''
( a russian word
that means `` bull*beep* '' ) ,
i understand
that any *beep* child can do it -
you can adjust the wire to the body 
add some cute pc effect ,
and stuff it into the action film .
here it is different .
i do not think
that there will be even a dozen of physically advanced action star worldwide ,
who can repeat the awl
that takes place at the end of the film or the `` chinese football '' play .
and it is just a little hong kong cinema
made for fun ,
not pretending to be `` star war '' .having a dvd with english soundtrack is not a problem with this movie .
it does not spoil the atmosphere to me.can not help mentioning a very neat theatrical play .
some of you 
suppose 
will not like it .
as to me - it is amazing .
have a look at the dragon 's friend
who is talking in a ave manner to the criminal and all of a sudden gets a fist punch in his left side of the head .
his face expression change into something whimsical
and he comes up to dragon with a baby expression .
and take a look at the menacing size of his mouth -
it is nearly from one ear to the other long
when he makes grimaces.this movie deserves a higher rating and a thousand comment from person all over the world .
very thankful to our russian industry for the release of classic jackie chan movie .
his modern one are much weaker in my humble opinion
and do not deserve much hype.total 10/10 - a legendary movie in its genre .
thank you for attention .
