nyc model alison parker
( cristina raine )
rents a room in an old ownstone
where she meets a few bizarre neighbor and experience some creepy hallucination .
as lawyer boyfriend michael lerman
( chris sarandon )
goes about making inquiry on her behalf ,
she struggles to maintain her sanity
( not to mention her will to live )
as her experience take a toll on her physical 
mental ,
and emotional health.i do not want to spoil the better moment in this psychological horror film for those unfamiliar with it .
the story is interesting and entertaining ,
but the film does not really offer much in term of real scare .
or 
for that matter 
any atmosphere .
it is sort of quietly sinister ,
but it is not like the traditional horror film .
it is more of a story about a troubled woman 's attempt
to deal with the increasing unreality in her life .
on that level 
it works ,
but it is not quite powerful enough.what `` the sentinel '' *does* offer are some eye-catching set piece
( in particular ,
the fascinating 
fabulously creepy climax ,
and there is a scene with beverly d'angelo
that must be seen to be believed ) .
there is also some gore to be seen ,
but not very much .
an ominous music
score by gil melle adds to the menace.no review of this film
would be complete
without an appraisal for the film-maker in gathering such excellent actor for its ensemble cast .
some of them do not get to do too much ,
but to see all of them together is impressive .
eli wallach and burgess meredith make the biggest impression as 
respectively 
a hard-nosed detective and a solicitous neighbor .
other legendary name include jose ferrer 
arthur kennedy 
and ava gardner .
future star like d'angelo 
christopher walken 
tom berenger 
jeff goldblum make ief appearance ,
and other familiar faces include jerry orbach 
sylvia mile 
william hickey 
and martin balsam .
whoever was the casting director for this film deserves some sort of prize.written for the screen by director michael winner 
probably best known for the `` death wish '' series
that he did with charle bronson ,
from the novel by jeffrey konvitz.i would not consider this a truly great horror thriller
but it has its moment
and is reasonably entertaining.7/10
