dvd has become the equivalent of the old late night double-bill circuit 
the last chance
to catch old movie on the verge
of being completely forgotten like the border .
there were great expectation for this back in 1982 \u0096 a script co-written by the wild bunch 's walon green 
jack nicholson in the day
when he could still act
without semaphore and a great supporting cast
( harvey keitel 
warren oate 
valerie perrine ) ,
tony richardson directing
( although he was pretty much a spent force by then )
\u0096 but now it does not even turn up on tv .
the material certainly offers a rich seam of possibility for comment on the 80s american dream of capitalism and conspicuous consumption 
with nicholson 's border patrolman turning a blind eye to the odd drug deal or bit of person trafficking
to finance his wife 's relentless materialism ,
until he rediscovers his conscience
when he finds out
his partner are also in the baby selling business .
unfortunately 
he never really gets his hand dirty ,
barely even turning a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface .
the film feel always watered down
as if too many rewrite and too many committee have left it neutered and 
sadly ,
the recent dvd release is a missed opportunity
to restore the original 
nihilistic ending
where nicholson goes over the edge and firebombs the border patrol station
that was cut
after preview audience found it too downbeat
but which still featured prominently in the film 's trailers.while
that probably was not too convincing considering how low-key nicholson 's crisis of conscience is in the film ,
it had to be better than the crude reshot climax where the film abandon logic and even basic rule of continuity :
at one point he is holding character at gunpoint ,
then he is somewhere else
and they are free trying to kill him ,
one character goes from injured at his house to hopping around like a gazelle on the bank of the rio grande
while valerie perrine 's character gets dumber on an exponential level .
the villain of the piece are disposed of with absurd ease
( and one impressive car stunt )
in time for a clumsily edited happy ending
and you start wondering
if you somehow found yourself watching another film entirely .
what makes it all the more clumsy
is that the rest of the film is so flat and underwhelming
that the sudden lurch into melodrama is all the more jarring .
unfortunately ry cooder 's beautiful title song 
across the borderline 
says
it all much more economically .
but if you want to know the film 's real crime ,
it is completely wasting the great warren oate in a nothing bit part .
when even he can not make an impression ,
you know something 's really wrong .
all in all 
all too easy to remember
why i found this so forgettable at the time .
