i notice from the comment
that most of the person
discussing this movie
are basing their remark on the mst3k airing .
that is fair enough
( that is 
after all 
how it got its widest exposure ) ,
but ,
having had the misfortune of seeing `` final justice '' in its original form ,
i would just like to share a few thought and comment on the uncut version.first off ,
it must be admitted
that the original version is slightly more coherent than the mst3k oadcast ,
owing primarily to an expository scene between rossano brazzi and venantino venantini
( i could use the character ' name instead of the actor ' ,
but i just love typing the word `` venantino venantini '' ) ,
explaining
why venantini 's fugitive character can not just leave maltum right away .
( it is not a very convincing plot point ,
but at least the filmmaker tried to cover it . )
whether this scene was cut just for time
or because it did not provide much fodder for riff ,
i do not know.another plot point missing in the original :
the stripper 's betrayal of venantino venantini to joe don baker 
seemingly unmotivated in the mst3k version 
is explained by an earlier 
extremely unpleasant scene
in which venantini rapes her in the shower .
while this does give her a motive for turning against him ,
the whole scenario is just really ... icky .
( there is no other word for it .
) some of the mst-worthy moment
( the perpetual truncated shout of `` son of a -- ''
and the `` deja vu '' shooting of the sheriff )
were purely the result of the edited-for-tv print
they worked with ,
and were absent from the original movie.one scene i wish had made it into the mst3k version :
before entering the bar to question some person ,
joe don asks
the maltese policewoman accompanying him to stay outside ,
because `` they see that uniform ,
they will not cooperate . ''
however 
joe don himself is wearing his ridiculous cowboy-slash-sheriff outfit 
complete with shiny badge !
i can not imagine
why they passed on that great opportunity
to make fun of him ... one final observation on the original 
uncut version of `` final justice '' :
why 
oh why 
did they feel the need
to put venantino venantini 's naked butt up on the screen ?
