one of the less widely lauded of recent asian period action affair gojoe is an at first slow
and often curious but overall pretty terrific offering 
exciting 
layered and beautiful .
i am sad to say
i know virtually nothing of the buddhist philosophy or japanese history and legend
that surround this film so its deeper meaning are lost on me ,
but even without contextual knowledge this is still rich fare ,
taking a traditional fantasy structure into a 
impactful higher plane .
the story is of benkei 
a warrior monk and perhaps demon
who seeks enlightenment
by destroying the demon of gojoe bridge :
prince shanao 
himself a mortal seeker after his own higher plane but this time the power of demon .
thus the film becomes a matter of illusion and in benkei 's case 
indecision 
a conflict
in which the real goal is self knowledge ,
for benkei to come to term with his true nature and for prince shanao
to come face to face with the nature of what he seeks to become .
benkei is even more hampered here by the fact
that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odd with the world ,
even when not in open conflict he is never at ease .
director sogo ishii handles this one as an epic ,
with measured pace ,
camera work always stylish and often frenzied ,
without neglecting the need for more sedate moment
to let the location sink in ,
there is also great use of lighting and fog
to give an ethereal atmosphere ,
there is an air of fantasy to much of the film
but outside of the overtly supernatural moment
it is a down and dirty fantasy with more period
fell than flight of fancy .
the cinematography of makoto watanbe is important here 
vivid and detailed 
a richly evocative affair .
actingwise daisuke ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery as benkei ,
while tadanobu asano has a driven 
cold arrogance as prince shanao .
of the lead masatoshi nagase round thing out as an ordinary man 
smart and cynical but still unaware of just exactly what the stake are .
the film all fits together well ,
it is however a touch flabby at time ,
it begins slowly ,
some shot are a little drawn out and the epic fight scene at time go on longer than strictly necessary .
as for the fighting it is filmed frenetic rather than for actual move ,
it has artistic impact
but may disappoint regular action fan ,
often obscured by object 
flashing blade and fast moving individual ,
whirling with deadly force through their adversary are the order of the day ,
it is invigorating to watch but in the end i could have done with a little more traditionalism .
there is some unfortunate cgi bloodshed as well ,
it somewhat works in the context
but is still distracting .
overall
though i found this to be a pretty great film ,
its not one for regular action fan or swordplay enthusiast seeking another azumi 
rather a deeper and more mystical beast ,
its ending in particular will not go down well with fan of the more generic wing of such fare .
but as for myself it really hit the spot and for those more adventurously inclined
it might do so too .
well recommended at any rate .
