despite loving rita hayworth ,
finding the final few sequence of the film intriguing
and being able to appreciate some of the subtler `` symbolic '' aspect of the cinematography ,
the lady from shanghai did not quite work for me .
i had a problem with most of the performance 
the script and the overall structure .
and in a film that is mostly person talking with each other in various situation ,
that is quite a problem .
the lady from shanghai ended up at a very low `` c '' 
or a 7 
for me.the lady from shanghai is really all about orson welle ' character 
michael o'hara .
o'hara sees elsa `` rosalie '' bannister
( rita hayworth )
in central park on a carriage ride
and hit on her .
later 
he saves her from a mugging
and she takes a shine to him .
o'hara is a seaman from ireland
and the globetrotting elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband 
arthur
( everett sloane ) ,
a very famous and powerful california defense attorney .
they talk o'hara into working for them ,
despite his initial reservation
-- it seems to him ,
and to the audience ,
that elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with ,
and o'hara does not want to get involved.shortly
after going to work on their yacht 
a strange man 
george grisby
( glenn ander ) ,
who says
he is arthur 's partner ,
shows up at a port of call and begins stirring up trouble .
eventually 
grisby ask o'hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme .
foolishly 
o'hara agree .
naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble ,
and eventually 
a number of mystery are revealed.maybe my problem with the film lie in the fact
that 
so far 
i am not exactly a huge fan of orson welle 
and here ,
he produces 
writes 
direct and consumes most of the screen time .
i have not seen anywhere near the majority of welle ' work yet ,
but i have tended to like his later film better ,
when he became a bit more campy and performance-arty .
i love f for fake
( v\u00e9rit\u00e9s et mensonge 
1974 )
for example 
and i even kind of like his performance in casino royale
( 1967 ) ,
when he bizarrely insisted on being allowed to do magic trick at a baccarat table 
but citizen kane
( 1941 )
never did much for me ,
despite giving it 3 or 4 chance over the year
( including about one year ago ;
my rating was a low 7
-- the same as my current score for the lady from shanghai )
.welle ' performance and the dialogue he is written for himself come across as affected and pretentious to me .
he is a bit of a motormouth 
a bit of a boor 
and a bit monotone
-- he tends to sound like
he is reading .
his performance reminded me of what i have seen of welle ' version of moby dick
( listed on imdb as 1999 ,
but `` completed '' in 1971 ,
it can also be seen in orson welle :
the one-man band
( 1995 ) ) ,
where he seems to be just reading to the camera
and believing
that he is inherently 
sublimely dramatic .
i am also someone
who almost never complains about accent ,
but somehow welle manage to make his irish accent sound affected and pretentious to me 
too.as for the other performance ,
i can only say
i thought
hayworth did an excellent job .
of course she is gorgeous ,
which does not hurt .
plenty of eye candy here .
like welle 
sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me
-- i never quite bought his character 
his handicap and so on ,
and ander is simply bizarre
where bizarre does not seem to fit .
welle often shoots him in close-up
and ander almost always has some over-exaggerated 
manic expression on his sweaty face.structurally ,
the lady from shanghai is very uneven .
the first 50 minute or so are extremely bland and soap-operatic ,
although the soap opera ministration tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique .
once grisby introduce his scheme ,
thing pick up a bit ,
and mostly improve
as we near the end .
but by the time the lady from shanghai becomes a crime/mystery film ,
it is too little too late ,
and it quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden ,
thrilling ending
that comes almost out of nowhere
and is over far too quickly for its relative excellence.the ending
is more action-oriented 
less-dialogue heavy 
more varied and exotic in setting 
and at time 
fairly abstract .
welle handles
that combination of material skillfully as a director .
if the lady from shanghai would have been a largely a combination of the crime/mystery stuff and the arty ending ,
it could have easily been at least a 9.
the final scene are easily 10s 
as welle shift from a hitchcockian suspense scene in a san francisco chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a chinese amusement park .
the funhouse climax uses cinematography
that was experimental for its time .
it is well integrated with the script ,
as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism.the cinematography throughout is interesting ,
even if it usually can not make up for the problem in the foreground .
welle block scene with skill .
there are lot of attractively filmed setting 
from central park to acapulco to various san francisco location .
welle effectively creates symbolic backdrop for his action 
from the emphasized height and precipitous drop of acapulco to the maze-like caribbean street 
the beautifully framed and silhouetted shot of the san francisco aquarium 
and so on .
the romance material ,
for which the aquarium serves as one backdrop ,
is interestingly tempered with a kind of unease throughout the film ,
but on the other hand ,
that makes
the romance never quite work
as romance.surely serious welle fan will appreciate the lady from shanghai much more than i did ,
and of course it is worth a watch
if you love rita hayworth .
the lady from shanghai is not exactly a terrible film 
in my view ,
but it is dangerously close to not `` passing '' .
proceed with caution .
