it was easy for sir richard attenborough
to make gandhi
( 1982 )
\u0097he was merely narrating a story of a great individual
who walked on this planet not so long ago .
comparatively 
it must have been a lot tougher for director feroz abbas khan making his debut as a filmmaker
to make gandhi my father 
pitting a shriveled anti-hero against an international hero ,
both of whom were historically real individual 
and ironically father and son .
the event in the film are mostly real .
mahatma gandhi lived as shown in the film ,
setting high moral standard for the world
to follow .
yet these very standard overshadowed the aspiration of his eldest son harilal to be a lawyer of repute like his father ,
to complete his education
and get a job in india
and thus provide income for his nuclear family.the film does not debunk gandhi and his ideal .
for gandhi 
his mission was larger than his family 's aspiration .
he loved his family and cared for them ,
though his thought for their appeasement were blinkered by his ideal of caring for the mass .
he stood for equality and dignity among all person and in his view
to give special undue advantage to his own son overlooking other deserving person
went against the basis of what he preached .
the film looks at an unusual case of parenting\u0097where an idealist parent place receding goalpost for a less-than-illiant offspring .
the film presents an unusual scenario
that happened .
a son marries his childhood sweetheart 
upsetting his father .
the father upsets his son 's educational aspiration at several key juncture .
the fragile link between a devoted son and a father eak ,
as the son wants to stand on his own foot and care for his nuclear family .
while the father gradually becomes the father of a nation 
the son stumbles in valiant quest for identity and survival .
his marriage eak and seeks solace in religion 
buffeting between islam and hinduism .
through all his tribulation his link to his mother remains ,
until she chides him
for being drunk.feroz khan is essentially a director of play
making his foray into cinema .
he wrote
and directed the play mahatma vs. gandhi
that had considerable impact on the indian theater community .
the play and the consequent film were based on two biography 
one by chandulal dalal and another by nilamben parekh ,
the success of the staged play was an evident reason for the commercial bollywood actor anil kapoor to produce this noteworthy film .
every time a good director of play attempt to direct cinema
there is an evidence of a lack of confidence with the medium .
peter brook is a great director of play 
but less competent as a film director .
the opening shot of khan 's film promises great cinema\u0097a derelict harilal gandhi is ought to sion hospital 
bombay
( mumbai )
barely mumbling
that his father is bapu
( the popular name of mahatma gandhi ) ,
father to an entire nation .
the hospital authority do not recognize him to be mahatma gandhi 's eldest son 
dying in poverty and loneliness .
apart from the dramatic opening ,
the film unfortunately merely presents a great story and some superb exterior shot of father and son meditating in silhouette .
for an indian film it does present some high production quality
that go hand in hand with a lack of interest for detail
( the clothe of most indian in the film seem dust-free and freshly laundered 
modern hairstyle of actor 
and even shefali shetty
playing mohandas gandhi 's wife a century ago with plucked eyeow ) 
the bane of indian cinema .
since feroz khan is a theater personality ,
he has invested much more effort in working with the actor
in developing the character rather than on cinematic detail 
somewhat like sir attenborough another person
who is also a product of theater
( royal academy of dramatic art )
.knowing quite well
that
to criticize gandhi in any manner
was asking for trouble ,
even when there was no direct criticism in the film ,
producer anil kapoor took a remarkable decision of not putting up poster of the film at accessible height in india 
fearing
that some one could tear the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally .
with all its mix of greatness and fault 
gandhi 
my father throws several question at the viewer .
is a mother-son bonding stronger than a father-son bonding in parenting ?
is one 's immediate family less important than humanity at large ?
does one seek refuge in religion and alcohol
only when worldly trouble are encountered ?
in this film 
harilal buffeted by adversity run from one religion to another ,
while his father quotes scriptures `` forgive them for they know
not what they do '' when beaten
and thrown on the ground by a south african policeman ,
convinced of the value of religion and convincing other as well.the film won the best actress award at the tokyo international film festival for shefali shetty
( shah )
and an indian award from critic .
feroze khan and anil kapoor have handled a sensitive subject very well and elicited above-average performance from the ensemble of actor .
i do hope
the international success of the film paves the way for some able director
to film another illiant indian
play girish karnad 's tughlaq some day meeting international quality standard .
