the best thing
you can say
about this movie is that
if you are a fan of sonny chiba ,
this movie gives you lot of him .
chiba makes speech ; chiba poses ; chiba sneer ; chiba glare at the camera ;
chiba punch and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guy ;
chiba sit around on couch and chair and looks thoughtful/pensive ;
chiba drives his car ... i enjoy chiba as an actor and a martial artist ... but even for a chiba fan ,
this movie may have a little too much sonny chiba .
it is obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him .
and no 
i would not put `` street fighter '' in the same category ,
because in `` sf '' he plays a ruthless 
amoral anti-hero
and he share the camera with an intriguing cast of friend and fo .
here 
he is front and center almost all the time ,
and he tries to be batman ,
captain america and bruce lee rolled into one .
toshiro mifune and chow yun fat could not pull this off for the length of an entire feature film ,
and sonny just kind of wear out his welcome .
at least he could have changed out of his suit
once in a while.the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous
and badly done introductory sequence
( apparently tacked on to the front of the film for the american version ) and a goofy cheer
`` ( `` viva ! !
chiba ! !
viva ! !
chiba ! ! )
that starts thing on the wrong foot .
there is some astoundingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - sonny
( or his usual english stand-in )
apparently could not be bothered to do the vocal for the american version ,
so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect
that is quite jarring coming from the face
we all know and love from `` street fighter '' .
even with all those flaw and the overexposure 
this could still be a minor classic ,
but the camera work and the fight scene are hopelessly cheesy .
i am willing to believe
that karate actually works if someone
as amazing as chiba 's character is supposed to be does it ,
but the director and cameraman hedged their bet by chopping and editing fight scene with a weed whacker
so you can not really see what is going on most of the time .
it is not all bad :
there are some decent shot and composition ,
and there is at least one memorable and nightmarish moment
when the bad guy appear in the client 's bedroom in a genuinely inventive way .
and as for the actual plot ... forget it .
for a `` bodyguard '' 
chiba 's character is something of an idiot .
the screenplay depends on his making mistake and oversight
that repeatedly place him
( and his `` client '' )
in perilous situation so he can fight his way out of them ,
and after 30 minute 
it strains even the most credulous judgment
to think
that this guy is supposed to be any good .
( also ,
if his character was really out to destroy the japanese drug trade ,
he had have taken his client by her neck 10 minute into the screenplay and shaken her until her tooth chattered like a castanet
until she spilled her little secret ... and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided . )
still ,
as a whole this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel .
it is still sonny chiba ,
and he is still fun to watch .
i paid a buck
to get this off the bargain dvd rack at a local mega mart ,
and i feel
it was worth watching once .
