`` pushing daisy '' for sure is one of the best tv show of its genre in the last 5 year ,
agree you with that or not .
bryan fuller 
the creator 
has an amazing creative mind .
he is the mind behind other great tv show as `` dead like me ''
( 2003 ) ,
`` wonderfall ''
( 2004 ) ,
and the other one not as great as these one ,
but also interesting 
`` hero ''
( 2006 ) .
it is a mix of the marvelous world brian fuller
created in previous tv show ,
mixing once again an amazing fantasy world with real kind of person disguised into colorful image and exaggerated feeling ,
something
that a fairytale always is .
so ,
being a kind of fairytale ,
you can not expect more than a unrealistic world and unexpected situation ,
or also situation a lot expected
but not in a way
that it would usually be told.a gift always comes with a curse ,
and what is sweet can also be bitter .
that is so 
ned
( lee pace ) ,
the piemaker 
is a simple guy with an interesting gift other
than being an amazing chef :
he can give life to the dead with just a touch .
this could be a power
that everybody would die - or live
- for if was not for another simple and very sad thing :
he can also gives the forever dead
if he touches it again .
the curse of this amazing gift does not stops
there
... everything has a compensation
and if he ings anything to life for more than one minute ,
another specie of that one would die instantly .
he is a guy full of unfortunate event in life in a way
that
he grown up introspectively ,
always afraid to touch everything and lose
once more thing he one day
used to love .
till the day he could finally be close to his biggest childhood love 
chuck
( anna friel ) ,
if was not for another sad fact :
she was dead .
he gave her life again
and she loves him so much
as he does ,
but this love is untouchable .
the truly kiss of death .
and that is how this beautiful modern fairytale starts.when i heard about `` pushing daisy '' for the first time
it was promoted as something very familiar
( or maybe some kind of tribute )
to everything
that tim burton has created since `` pee-wee 's big adventure ''
( 1985 )
to `` big fish ''
( 2003 )
and `` charlie and the cholate factory ''
( 2005 ) .
the result could not be better .
the world around the pie hole was magnificent .
the story around ned and detective cod
( chi mcbride )
to solve unsolved crime can be a lot common in tv ,
but this is just a way to guide person thru amazing story surrounding character as chuck and olive
( kristin chenoweth )
in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy image
that you can almost sense the taste of the color .
not only that 
you are merged into a bunch of amazing and charismatic gentle character ,
even those one with the most deep dark humors.forgetting the trivial concept of murder and unsolved crime 
the show ight
and is triumphant in a lot of other thing .
the actor here are top of note .
lee pace is tender 
soft and contained as the character asks for .
anna friel is the muse of the show
as her character is supposed to be .
but the most superb time are always with the supporting actor as chi mcbride
( detective emmerson cod ) ,
swoozie kurtz
( as lilly charle ) ,
ellen greene
( as vivian charle )
and kristin chenoweth
( as olive snook ) .
swoozie kurtz shine performing a so dried character
drowned in a impossible dark humor
that could frighten a clown ,
for sure
she has the best dialog and her expression and body language
are mesmerizing .
but if the best dialog are given by swoozie and her character ,
the best funny moment are given by kristin chenoweth .
seems
that she is improvising all the time ,
she is so naturally fun
that every single scene is a show aside .
kristin shine so ight in the show
that winning the 2009 emmy for her supporting role in the show was totally fair and deserved .
also there is the chemistry between actor and their character ,
that are also amazing.there are no word to express what this tv show really is
and what it was meant to be .
for those one
who think
this show is a waste of time or claimed
to find no sense in it ,
for sure need to open their mind and comeback to a time
that
they probably never had :
childhood.truth be told ...
tv has never been so daring in a tv show as with this amazing one .
`` pushing daisy '' was a huge step forward in term of great artistic entertainment
and its sudden death was a lot disrespectful .
it is true that tv does not respect great tv show
as those one bryan fuller
created -
except `` hero ''
that is still on air
and is far from being so amazing as the other one .
