in 1979 lucio fulcus released his film zombi .
however ,
due to the earlier import of george romero 's dawn of the dead ,
which had gone by that name for its italian release ,
it was retitled to zombi 2 .
( which also had the bonus
of letting the audience think
this was a sequel to the second romero movie ) .
continuing this theme 
the second zombi film ,
which would have been called zombi 2 ,
was then consequently titled zombi 3. in the uk 
the original zombi film
( that is 
zombi 2 )
was titled `` zombie flesh eater '' .
to continue this theme ,
the second zombi film
( zombi 3 )
was then titled `` zombie flesh eater 2 '' for its uk release .
( are you following all this ? )
so if zombie flesh eater was fulcus 's dawn ,
then is 2 his day of the dead ?
while this is only a flippant observation 
this tale of military compound 
helicopter and a plodding narrative certainly does bear a vague thematic resemblance.some of fulcus 's european direction compel in a film like this ,
but the acting 
dubbing and exposition-heavy script are absolutely horrendous .
its ecological message is so forced and overstated
it can no longer be considered a subtext ,
while there is an
( unintentionally )
hilarious bird homage .
combining this last elemant with mor 80s rock is not a good idea .
for some reason i could not stop thinking of time of the apes
( q.v . )
the whole time i was watching this .
this is obviously not a good thing.while
there is nothing here to rival topless scuba-diving 
shark wrestling zombie and eyeball on a splinter ,
fulcus 's misogynistic leaning do get a work out with a hotel cleaner 's mouth
being ground into a mirror
until it gushes blood .
his fannish gore predilection also see a hand severing .
both theme are combined
when a woman 's face is ripped off ,
first by one zombie 
then a zombie foetus
that tears out of a pregnant woman 's stomach.production-wise ,
this is obviously a step up from zombi ,
coming five year later .
( nine year in worldwide release term ) .
but without the original 's low-key charm it struggles ,
while stefano mainettus 's music is inappropriate and uninspired .
fabio frizzi 's score was one of the best thing about the '79 movie .
here zombie attack are played out to what sounds unnervingly like bonnie tyler 's `` holding out for a hero '' .
in the middle of this carnage we get an irksome love interest 
and roger and kenny 
two bland macho type
who do everything with acrobatic urgency
and constantly state the obvious .
( `` we are out of ammunition '' to a stalling gun
is a particular standout ) .
but where it also falls down is in the zombie themselves .
low key or not 
fulcus 's original had truly magnificent 
rotting zombie .
skull faces 
worm in eye socket ...
they really
were something to behold .
by contrast 
this dull follow-up opt for the more traditional `` man with a bit of paint on their faces '' option .
the climax rips off too many romero movie to even be funny ,
while the use of the dj is a crass and cheap narrative device .
not containing the same elemants of outrage and gratuitous nudity of the first ,
this is unlikely to have the same cult appeal .
it turns out
that fulcus actually walked out on the project
after reportedly directing just fifteen minute 
the rest filmed by bruno mattei .
i am fairly sure
that even fulcus would have balked at the ludicrous `` flying zombie head '' scene ,
and so credit to the director
for having the good sense
to leave .
unfortunately 
however 
it is his name
that is above the film title on release ,
so the majority of person will be left with the impression
that this is a fulcus film through and through .
on that scale then it is a major setback for him ,
for this movie commits
what you imagine
fulcus would regard as the worst crime of all :
that of being boring .
