bill crain 's rarer than rare 'slasher ' movie certainly does not follow the standard stalk and slash guideline
that have become so essential of its counterpart .
the bogeyman this time around use grenade and small arm as well as an awesome array of melee weapon ;
- a sin
that is virtually unacceptable in most post-halloween genre piece .
but there is still just enough familiarity
to keep slasher buff from checking the rule book
and the plot never strays too far from the path
that you have grown to expect .
just as wally koz 's surprisingly decent 555 was seemingly put together with help from various member of his family ,
mirage seems to have been a joint production from relative of the director .
looking through the credit i noticed numerous 'crain ' listed in key position throughout the construction of the feature .
but despite fairly good distribution across the globe ,
the movie failed to make an impression either side of the atlantic
and now it has become pretty much a phantom of the vhs market .
nevertheless this only made it appeal to me even more and so i strained my resource
to track a copy down
it all takes place in the middle of the dessert ,
which
as i am sure
you will agree is hardly the most exciting location .
with that said though ,
i must admit
that there is certainly going to be no chance of any nosey john q law
turning up unexpectedly .
four undeniably beautiful youngster head out into the sand for a night of debauchery and frolic
that always seems to rub homicidal maniacs the wrong way .
chris
( jennifer mcallister )
and her boyfriend greg
( kenny johnson )
meet up with amusing new age hippie trip
( kevin mcparland )
and mary
( nicole anton )
at a make shift camp site in the midst of the dune-like wilderness .
greg 's older other kyle
( todd schaefer )
and his buxom girlfriend bambi
( laura albert )
soon turn up to join the body count applican not in their quest for an early grave .
kyle
used to date chris
before his younger other took the liberty of stealing his squeeze \u0096 something
that kyle does not seem too keen to forget .
sound like a motive for a massacre ?
well what did you expect ?
before long an unseen someone
driving a truck with tinted window
joins the gathering with a unique set of trick up his sleeve .
will any of the kid survive to turn up for a sequel ?
i have had trouble tracking down any information at all about this feature .
i do not even know
if director bill crain is aka william crain \u0096 the man behind midnight fear and blacula among other .
mirage certainly does not appear on his official filmography ,
so your guess is as good as mine .
judging by the credible work behind the camera ,
i would have to say
that i find it hard to believe
that this is the debut of a man with no previous cinematic experience .
the film is stylishly photographed with some superb work from dp michael crain ,
and the director boasts a credible talent for building suspense
when it is necessary .
r. christopher biggs ' gore fx are imaginatively created and gruesome 
and kudos to the sleepy head over at the bbfc
who inexplicably let this pass through uncut on a usually stringent 18 rating .
a couple of the murder are indeed extremely macae .
one guy gets buried up to his neck in sand
before coming face to face with a grenade ,
while another ends up literally legless
after loosing a battle with a chain and a pick up truck !
there is also some black humor
that is surely unintentional .
we spend the majority of the feature
seeing only the killer 's boot
as he steps out of his vehicle and stalks the youngster .
but when he is revealed to hilariously resemble keanu reeve circa bill and ted 's bogus journey ,
i did not quite know what to expect .
thankfully crain know
exactly how to keep thing creepy
and the showdown is particularly mean spirited
as the psycho taunt chris sadistically.there are some surprisingly good performance on display from an extremely inexperienced cast .
the divine jennifer mcallister does a superb job as the heroine and b.g .
steer portrays off his rocker dementia with finesse .
the casting director chose wisely to pick some of the most beautiful female ever slaughtered in slasher cinema
and it gratefully does not come at the cost of thespian potential .
the soundtrack works well to build the desolate atmosphere of isolation ,
which is carefully handled by a director
that should have been signed and nurtured by hollywood bigwig .
watch out for the superb nightmare sequence
that is truly horror film-making at it
is freakiest.mirage is a good late entry to the cycle
that was somewhat unfortunate to miss a boom year placing amongst the slasher elite .
when you consider
that this was made with just a cast of seven and a pick up truck ,
you have to say
that they did a damn good job .
the flaw are numerous ,
but never detract credibility from the net result .
unfortunately you have probably got more chance
of finding liquid gold in your coffee mug
than you have of ever tracking down a copy .
if you see this one covered in dust on the top shelf of your local video store ,
then make sure
you pick it up .
recommended .
