tashan - the title
itself explains
the nature of the movie.this type of movie are actually made for flop .
what a shame
that yash raj film produce such movie those
are worthless than c-grade movie .
or even some c-grade movie have better and pleasing story than tashan .
the much hyped and over-confidently promoted tashan poorly bombed at the box-office
which it certainly deserved.in my view ,
this is the worst movie
ever made from honourable yash raj film ' banner .
how come they handled such a heavy project to new vijay krishna acharya
who has no actual sense
of making action flick ?
he tried to imitate sanjay gadhvi 's way
of making like dhoom
but he suffered at last .
the action scene are more like than comic
or cartoon movie
made
for exhausting the audience.the story also loses in its meaning
and substance to tenderly win the audience ' heart .
in most scene anil kapoor remind me of southern tamil star rajnikant in his body language and wordly expression .
i am not a fan of neither saif nor akshay ,
but the award of kareena should have finally gone to saif '' s hand instead of akshay .
just from the starting point i expected of it ,
but at the end it displeased me with the climax truth .
saif is the main behind the whole adventure ,
while akshay join in the midst .
in any movie 
the final should be judged with the whole character of the entire story and the award
or say
reward should be given to the one who deserves credit .
and tashan loses in this way ,
and unexpectedly failed to become a hit.akshay 's has nothing new
to show off his comedian talent here but still remind of his previous movie .
he seriously need to form a new image to his fan
that would impress them again and again .
in between saif did a great job in race ,
and now he returned again in his hilarious nature through this movie .
but he has fully developed himself in the acting field .
and last but not the least about kareena .
she looks really hot with bikini dress
of which some complain
as she became too lean .
but i myself do not think so ,
instead she became slim .
yes slim ! ! !
it is a good factor for a female
to attract the major person
( or say 
male ) .
beside them it is nice that saif 's son iahim appears in the beginning and last as young saif .
i hope
now he too will lean forward in target
of making acting as his career.those
who like this tashan they are either mentally immatured
or still want to go back to childhood ,
or say want to be admitted in an asylum .
thumb down to debutante director vijay krishna acharya
who mishandled the project
offered by yash raj film .
in future he should experiment
and study the script minimum of 5 year
before going into practical directions.sorry ,
i do not like to rate good star to this type of junk movie .
