my 3 year old loved it .
i loved it ,
my wife loved it .
so 10/10 from our family .
as for violence level ?
not really that violent 
mostly of the slap stick variety .
nobody truly dy 
no gore 
no blood 
no torture ,
so it certainly is appropriate for child ,
much more so than many saturday morning cartoon.this movie really takes the idea of cg movie
where it should go.first of all beautiful graphic 
texture wonderfully done 
with true depth ,
not trying to be realistic ,
but forming an artistic whole .
the moss on the stone 
the rust on metal 
the reliefs on the wood and the stone 
everything adds to the whole.character modeling ,
unlike many contemporary cg movie 
is quirky 
not cute 
again within an artistic whole .
the faces may look less malleable than in some other movie ,
but the character are more puppet-like than human-like .
i think
that is a good thing ,
it lends veracity ,
how strangely it may sound ,
it is easier to suspend your disbelief.hair 
fur 
clothing 
on par 
at least with the like of pixar .
just note in the opening scene
when lian-chu is fighting the giant slug ;
gwizdo is in front of some farmer ,
and all of them have detailed clothing
which caused me to pause the movie
just to admire it.the setting .
far beyond the like of car 
and even wall\u0095e .
space has been done many time ,
but the fantasy environ of dragon hunter are only comparable with some scene in never ending story and lord of the ring ,
but again it is an artistic whole ,
and with lot of good idea thrown about effortlessly .
magnificent vista like the scene in monster inc.
where they ride all the doorway through its storage facility 
or wall\u0095e
where we see the immense trash tower
he made ,
abound in this movie ,
everything is grand 
yet never dwelt upon ;
it is just the background the whole way !
the interlude where they walk through the area with the fantastic fall .
the chinese wall 
the island floating in the sky .
the broccoli in the sky ?
that is truly where i believe
cg should go ,
make something
which takes your eath away ,
and do it again
and again.the sound is good ,
the music is varied and not only epic ,
and thankfully
without any vocal ,
and purely original for the movie.animation is quite good .
lending its inspiration to cartoon 
especially some good use of stretch and squeeze .
sometime not that realistic ,
but the 3d model are not realistic either.characterization is well done too .
lian-chu the gentle and uncertain giant is gradually growing in confidence basking in the attention of little zo\u00e9.gwizdo the wily manager of lian-chu redeem himself in the end ,
while zo\u00e9 is not really changed at all ,
but who wants that cute child to change anyway ?
i at least loved lian-chu more than any other recent character
since sulley in monster inc.the internal strife in the group gets ironed out by the external pressure ,
just
as it should in a proper fantasy story.the story is mostly reminiscent of the never ending story ,
especially how the world akes apart .
the monster are pretty standard fare 
except the flocking one .
it lacks the emotional impact of wall\u0095e ,
which is the really strong point of that movie ,
but it is a much more fun ride ,
and lacks the annoying musical scene replaying in the former one ,
and has action from the first scene .
this movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.the whole movie has ,
as i have mentioned a whole vision ,
which seems to have been followed rigorously throughout.it seems ,
that the setting is ready for more adventure ,
and i for one would hope so.one side note ,
the french actor doing lian-chu sounded a bit like jean reno at first ,
but i am happy
it was not him ,
though he is one of my favorite .
nice to hear a new 
to me ,
voice.i give it a max rating ,
a bit surprised at the mediocre and low rating by some ;
i have tried to address some of the concern
made by two of the review with the lowest vote .
approach this movie as an adventure ,
and as a european movie 
not opposed to hollywood 
but different .
