something happens to sondra pransky
when she enters the magician 's box on the stage of a london theater .
little does sondra know
the spirit of newly departed journalist joe strombel materializes to ask her
to investigate the man
someone has told him ,
on his voyage to another dimension 
is the infamous tarot killer
that has been on a binge of crime in london .
the only problem is the man
accused is 
for all appearance 
a respectable upper class man.when sondra tells her experience to the great splendini ,
who is a.k.a .
sid waterman 
the magician is stunned ,
but decides to go along .
the two would be p.i.s conjure an invitation to a club
where peter lyman goes to swim .
sondra ,
who fakes
she is drowning ,
catches the attention of this hunk ,
who wants to see more of her.needless to say ,
the two of them will get into all kind of funny situation
until the mystery is revealed at the end of the film .
little does the real tarot killer think
he can fool a resolute sondra
who proves herself to be more resourceful
than he gave her credit for.the result is a perfect summer film with a lot of laugh
that is just what one needs to get out of the heat into a perfect time in a cool theater .
woody allen has done better ,
and yet 
this sunny comedy will vindicate him for past failure .
in `` scoop '' 
mr. allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady .
his trade mark gesticulating is something
this funny man will never get rid of ,
since it appears to be his trade mark .
the film has some funny one liners
that will go over the head of the viewer
that might not be paying attention.scarlett johansson 
the beautiful star of `` scoop '' ,
seems to be the perfect foil for woody allen .
she plays the straight part
while mr allen does his shtick 
a perfect combination .
both are excellent in their banter throughout the film .
ms. johansson is a knockout beauty in her red bathing suit ,
although they have dressed her so dowdy in most of the costume
she wears on the screen .
hugh jackman is seen
as peter lyman a sophisticated man about town with the right pedigree .
he makes a good appearance in the movie as the man
pursuing ms. johansson .
ian mcshane plays the dead fleet street journalist on his way to eternity .
`` scoop '' is a light film for the hot and humid summer thank to woody allen .
