amy poehler and rachel dratch are among the funnier woman
to have been on `` saturday night live '' .
it is unfortunate
that they 
along with tina fey and maya rudolph 
were on snl during the longest stretch of unfunny writing and sketch-making
( circa 2002-2006 )
the show has ever had .
still 
these two woman most especially know what is funny ,
and they know how to write a funny movie.you will notice in the credit of this movie
that dratch and director ryan shiraki wrote the story for `` spring breakdown '' ,
but who wrote the actual screenplay ,
consisting of dialogue and all the important fill-in-the-blank material
that makes a story into a multidimansional movie ?
yep 
just shiraki .
just one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie ,
and no woman apparently wrote the script with him .
the result is a pretty clich\u00e9 spring eak movie
that does not so much spoof the faux holiday as much
as exploit it equally as much
as mtv does every year.if dratch 
poehler ,
and even co-star parker posey could have contributed their handwriting to the screenplay ,
it would have been far less clich\u00e9 .
the premise is original ,
being about three thirty-something woman
who were unpopular in high school
( and apparently college 
too )
who never had the fun spring eak trip
they allegedly dreamed about .
i say
`` allegedly ''
because you never quite know what fun is to these character .
they entered talent show in the past
where they sing stale pro-woman anthem like `` true color '' ,
and spend their night together holding make-your-own-pizza party .
even though none of them are especially unattractive ,
the outside world appears to treat them like they are .
there is a scene
where a blind student of poehler 's
( played by poehler 's real life husband
will arnett )
asks her out on a date ,
only to touch her face
and immediately change his mind .
if poehler 's character is supposed to be unattractive ,
they obviously hired the wrong actress.the movie continues to show promise ,
even though we have our doubt about the main character ,
when posey 's boss 
texas senator 'kay bee ' hartmann
( jane lynch 
funny as always )
hires posey to watch over her unpopular college-age daughter
( amber tamblyn ,
playing yet another woman
who 's attractive in real life ,
but not in the eye of any character in this movie )
while she goes to a laguna beach-like vacation spot for spring break .
poehler and dratch come along ,
they reluctantly get boozed up ,
party like they apparently should have
when they were in college ,
and then comes the ultimate showdown with the sorority bitch lead by sophie monk.sophie monk
is an incredibly attractive woman
who has a body both woman and man
would kill to have for different reason .
unfortunately 
her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny `` date movie ''
( 2006 )
and the disappointing `` click ''
( 2006 ) .
here 
she plays a southern belle ,
although her voice sound like she stole delta burke 's voice box .
she hams it up a little too much ,
trying too hard to play a conniving bitch
that she comes off as much like a caricature of spoiled college kid as the rest of the extra .
`` spring breakdown '' was released straight to dvd
despite the star power of amy poehler ,
but rightly so because the story is way too clich\u00e9 .
it may as well
have been called `` national lampoon 's spring breakdown '' ,
and the magazine probably would not have sued for trademark infringemant
because of the free publicity .
if director shiraki had given at least one woman the creative input 
especially rachel dratch ,
this movie would have been great and not nearly as run-of-the-mill as frat-house comedy
we have seen before .
i know
dratch will come up with another funny concept ,
and hopefully be allowed to fill in the rest of the screenplay herself .
she is funny enough ,
and she deserves better than this half-baked comedy
that would accept stiffler 's other with open arm .
