i have to say ,
when `` pushing daisy '' came out i was immediately won out by the fairy-tale like setting of such grimness .
the narrator made a cake out of the whole ordeal
by making death seem as routine as 
well 
ned
( lee pace )
baking py .
and that inging them back to life was just as routine.the trio of ned 
emerson cod
( chi mcbride )
and charlotte `` chuck '' charle
( anna friel ) ,
plus sometimes-sidekick olive snook
( kristin chenoweth ,
who made the musical wicked such a delight )
made for some fantastic dialogue and sillines .
it definitely deserves the title of a
( romantic )
comedy/drama.ned and chuck made for a shy and not-quite-ready-for-love couple
who are still exploring their feeling
even though they can not touch - an obstacle
that seems to be truly no obstacle with aid such as glove 
cellophane 
and quirky schedule around the apartment .
but despite the awkwardness presented
as they work their feeling around a strange secret
which only a few know ,
they still manage to show their on screen chemistry in touching scene
like when ned gives chuck the beehive .
the presence of olive 
though 
makes for some eak-out-in-song moment in the pie shop and unforeseen complication for the couple.second season sharply declined ,
putting a damper on a show
that had real potential .
on some of the episode 
the plot line was rushed and awkward ,
making you ask `` what just happened ? ''
in both the overall dead-person-of-the-week plot and in the overriding plot line .
the addition of chuck 's father plus two half-other for ned did not help ,
and at least one of the plot line felt almost recycled
( did not the episode `` comfort food '' feel like the episode `` bitter sweet '' in the fact
that the dead-person-of-the-week died in food ? ) .
a few touching moment
( the beehive )
happened to help advance the relationship between chuck and ned ,
but every time they got close ,
the writer decided to throw in another monkey wrench
rather than let the relation develop
( oliver comes back from the monastery ,
chuck 's dead father comes back to life
and does not go back ,
you get the picture )
.shame it did not work out ,
but the concept was good
and seemed surreal in a good way ,
just enough pleasantvillesque color/happy-smiley going on and implausible scenario to remind you
that it is not `` dead like me . ''
then again 
it is in `` pushing daisy time 
''
according to creator bryan fuller ,
so it makes
it plausible again.it should have lasted longer ,
but it is merely wistful thinking at this point .
kudos to whatever new show attempt
to replace this short-lived gem .
