the fox and the child is the latest film from march of the penguin filmmaker frenchman luc jacquet .
the movie ,
which boasts just one human
being in its cast 
young actress bertille no\u00ebl-bruneau ,
tells the story of the rather rare 
though seemingly believable relationship between a child and a wild fox.part-nature documentary 
and part-fairy tale 
the film focuses on l'infant 
the child ,
who on her way
to school one day
comes across the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting 
possibly france ,
though the exact location is never mentioned .
over the coming week the child revisits the place
where she found her fox hopeful
that one of said day she will see said fox ,
who she begins to call lily ,
once again .
and so it goes on .
day turn to week ,
and then the summer disappears ,
turning to fall and then winter ,
promting some superb cinematography of the sweeping 
white winter landscape .
eventually 
spring comes around again ,
and the young child finds her fox ,
and indeed does strike up a friendship with the animal .
and so on.i had little to no expectation for the fox and the child .
i had seen march of the penguin
and was simply in awe at the film-making contained in that movie .
luc jacquet is a hugely talented ,
and indeed rare film-maker 
and i was expecting some superb 
eathtaking cinematography 
sweeping vista and illiant footage of the wildlife .
this was delivered in spade .
but here jacquet has a screen writing credit ,
and not knowing anything about the movie prior to the screening ,
i expected something a little different
than what had previously been seen in 'march ' .
a fictional story.the child and the fox and the story is simple .
a young 
seemingly lonely child life in a house in the middle of nowhere and walk to school ,
seemingly on her own 
every day ,
seemingly without a care in the a seemingly perfect world .
without the hint of an adult in sight .
brilliant .
so she strikes up a friendship with a fox.with a film like this ,
you have to dismiss your own opinion of the movie
and put yourself in the shoe of the target audience .
this is a film
which is aimed directly at child from the age of ,
i would say 
six and up .
or to family
who fancy a trip to the cinema with their eed one wet sunday afternoon .
not a 31-year-old male
who gets his kick from film like the recent ,
illiant wanted and the like .
but 
me being the newbie london critic ,
i put myself in the shoe of an excited eight-year old girl for the 95 or so minute of the fox and the child .
now 
i have a few problem with this film .
as a 31-year-old lad 
and loyal lover of all thing cinematic 
i loved the wildlife and landscape photography .
it is visually stunning .
the direction of the animal character is illiantly executed
-- as good
as you will find on any of attenborough 's effort .
as an impressionable 
short attention spanning eight year old 
i loved about the first half hour
-- then i lost interest .
it is a little repetitive and in place quite harrowing and bloody scary for a younger child ,
particularly the rather dark ending .
as a 31-year-old male
-- i was a little frightened in place .
wuss.so 
it is not a child 's film .
it is not really an adult film and i felt a little let down .
is it a good family film .
depend .
it is educational maybe ,
and the film carries a message .
it is definitely not a film i would pay the hard earned green
to go see
and i am racking my ain
to try
and recommend it to a certain type of film goer .
it is hard ,
but i know
some will go see and fall in love this film .
it is very european in feel
and certainly
if you are a fan of wildlife themed flick ,
give it a try .
unsure ?
well i would wait for the dvd for a wet sunday afternoon in then .
-- paul heath 
http :
//www.thehollywoodnews.com 
july 2008 .
