intrigued by the synopsis
( every gay video these day has a hunk on the cover ;
this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign )
i purchased ben and arthur
without knowing a thing about it .
this is my second
( and i assure you
it will be my last )
purchase of a culture q connection video .
as far as i am concerned ,
this dvd is nothing but a blatant rip-off .
i do not make this observation lightly \u0096 i am a major collector of video 
gay and mainstream ,
and i can state with some authority
and without hesitation
that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life .
period .
my collection boasts over 1,600 film
( 93 % on them on dvd )
and of those 
well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed .
i hardly own every gay movie ever made ,
but i am comfortable
in stating
that i pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest
that gets released ,
and very often i buy video
without knowing anything about the film .
sometimes 
this makes for a pleasant surprise - aimee and jaguar ,
it is in the water ,
urbania and normal are all example of excellent gay title
that i stumbled upon accidentally .
so when i read on the box
that ben and arthur concerned a conflict between gay lover and the christian right 
one of my favorite subject 
i decided to take the plunge sight unseen ,
despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title 
vision of sugar plum .
that film was pretty bad ,
but compared to ben and arthur ,
it viewed like gone with the wind .
so what was so wrong with ben and arthur ?
plenty !
to begin with 
the `` plot '' such as it was ,
was totally ridiculous .
this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right \u0096
we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member
because his other is gay ,
but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple
in order to save their soul
( like this even makes sense ) .
the writing is so poor
that many scene make no sense at all ,
and several plot point reflect no logic 
follow-up or connection to the story .
murder and violence seem to be acceptable end to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both side ,
and the acting is so bad
that it is difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired .
the character
who are supposed to be straight
are almost
without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotype to boot ;
the gay character are neither sexy nor interesting .
this film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed video forever ,
and the distributor should be ashamed of themselves .
the only advantage this picture has over my other culture q connection purchase 
vision of sugarplam ,
is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue .
hardly a distinction ,
since the script is so insipid
that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is .
it is an embarrassment to queer culture ,
and i intend to warn everyone i possibly can
before they waste their money on it .
at $ 9.95 this film would have been way overpriced ;
i understand
that it is soon to be re-priced under $ 20 ,
which is still highway robbery .
i paid the original price of $ 29.95 ,
and i never felt more cheated in my life .
the only true laugh
connected with this drivel
is the review \u0096 i
have seen `` user review '' for this film on numerous website ,
and there is always one or two that `` praise '' the director / writer / actor in such a way
that it is obvious
that the reviewer is a friend of this ed wood wannabe .
how sad .
how desperate .
i just wish
imdb would allow you to assign zero star - or even minus zero .
if ever a film deserved it ,
this is it .
