just like last year event wwe new year revolution 2006 was headlined by an elimination chamber match .
the difference between last year and this year match however was the entertainmant value .
in reality only three person stood a chance of walking out of the pepsi arena in albany 
new york with the wwe championship .
those man were current champion john cena 
kurt angle and shawn michael .
there was no way
vinnie mac would put the belt on any of the rookie ; carlito or chris master .
and kane ?
kane last held the wwe championship in june 1998 ,
and that was only for one night .
it was obvious
he was not going to be the one either .
last year match was a thrilling affair with six of the best wwe had to offer .
2006 was a predictable and disappointing affair
but still the match of the night
by far.the only surprise of the evening came
after the bell had run on the main event .
out strolled vince mcmahon himself and demanded
they lift the chamber .
it was then announced
that edge was cashing in his money in the bank championship match right then and there .
with no time
to prepare and just off the back
of winning the elimination chamber match john cena did not stand a chance
and dropped the title after a spear to one of the most entertaining heel in wwe .
this was the only entertaining piece of action
that happened all night.the undercard 
like last year 
was truly atrocious .
triple h and the big show put on a snore fest
that had me struggling to stay away .
hhh picked up the win
but that was never in any real
doubt was it ?
any pay-per-view
that has both jerry lawler and viscera wrestling on the same card will
never have any chance
of becoming a success
really does it .
the king pinned helm
( who book this stuff ? )
and big vis tasted defeat against the wasted shelton benjamin with a little help
from his mama.the woman of the wwe also had a busy night .
there was the usual diva nonsense with a bra and panty gauntlet match
which was won by ashley
and the woman 's championship was also on the line .
in a match 
i thought would have been left to ew till wrestlemania 22 mickie jame challenged trish stratus in a good match .
trish won the contest
but it was evident
that this is going to continue for the foreseeable future.the opening contest of the night pitted soon
to be wwe champion edge against intercontinental champion 
ric flair .
this could have been better
but it was a battered and bloody flair
that retained after a disqualification finish .
edge obviously had bigger fish to fry.so new year revolution
kicked off the 2006 pay-per-view calendar in disastrous fashion .
the only good thing from that is knowing
that for the wwe the only way is up .
they do not get much worse than this .
