seldom seen
since theatrical release in 1970 ,
myra breckinridge has become a byword for cinematic debacle of legendary proportion .
now at last on dvd in an unexpectedly handsome package ,
it is as unlikely to win wide audience today
as it was when first released .
gore vidal 's 1968 bestseller was a darkly satirical statement .
most filmmaker felt
that the novel 's story 
structure 
and overall tone would not translate to film ,
and industry insider were surprised
when 20th century fox not only acquired the right
but also hired vidal to adapt his novel to the screen .
but studio executive soon had cold foot :
vidal 's adaptation were repeatedly rejected
and novice writer-director michael sarne was ought in to ing the film to the screen.studio executive
hoped
that sarne would tap into the youth market
they saw as a target for the film ,
but sarne proved even more out of synch with the material than the executive themselves .
rewrite upon rewrite followed .
the cast 
sensing disaster 
became increasingly combative .
in her dvd commentary 
star raquel welch says
that she seldom had any idea
of what myra 's motive were from scene to scene or even within any single scene itself ,
and that each person involved seemed to be making an entirely different film .
in the accompanying `` back story '' documentary 
rex reed says
that myra breckinridge was a film
made by a bunch of person
who hid in their dressing room
while waiting for their lawyer
to return their calls.the accuracy of these comment are demonstrated by the film itself .
the basic of vidal 's story are there ,
but not only has the story been shorn of all oader implication ,
it seems to have no point in and of itself .
everything runs off in multiple direction ,
nothing connect 
and numerous scene undercut
whatever logic previous scene might have had .
and while director sarne repeatedly state in his commentary
that he wanted to make the film as pure farce ,
the only laugh generated are accidental.chief among these accident
is mae west .
it is true that west is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance
and that she had lost none of her way with a one-liner
-- but there is no getting around the fact
that she is in her seventy ,
and her conviction
that she is the still
the sexiest trick in shoe leather
is extremely unsettling ,
to say the least .
but worse 
really 
is the fact
that west is outside her era .
her effort
to translate herself into a hip and happening persona
result in one of the most embarrassing self-caricature ever
seen on film.the remaining cast
is largely wasted .
raquel welch 
a significan notly underestimated actress 
plays the title role of myra very much like a barbie doll on steroid ;
non-actor rex reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of myron ,
but the entire role is essentially without point .
only john huston and cameo player john carradine 
jim backus 
william hopper ,
and andy devine emerge relatively unscathed .
yes 
it really is the debacle everyone
involved in the film feared
it would be :
fast
when it should be slow ,
slow when it should be fast 
relentlessly unfunny from start to finish .
it is true that director sarne does have the occasional inspired idea
-- as in his use of film clip of everyone from shirley temple to judy garland
to create counterpoint to the action --
but by and large 
whenever sarne was presented with a choice of how to do something
he seems to have made the wrong one.the how and why of that is made clear in sarne 's audio commentary .
sarne did not like the novel or ,
for that matter 
the subject matter in general .
he did not want to write the screenplay ,
but he needed the money ;
he emphatically did not want to direct the film ,
but he need the money .
he makes it very clear
that he disliked author gore vidal and rex reed
( at one point he flatly state
that reed `` is not a nice person '' ) ,
and to this day he considers
that vidal and reed worked in tandem to sabotage the film
because he refused to play into their 'homosexual agenda '
-- which ,
when you come right down to it ,
seems to have been their desire
that sarne actually film vidal 's novel rather than his own weirdly imagined take-off on it.although
he spends a fair amount of commentary time
stating
that the film is widely liked by the gay community ,
sarne never quite seems to understand that the appeal of the film for a gay audience arise from his ridiculously inaccurate depiction of homosexual person .
when taken in tandem with the film itself ,
sarne emerge as more than a little homophobic
-- and quite frankly the single worst choice of writer and director
that could have been made for this project.in addition to the sarne and welch commentary and the making-of documentary 
the dvd release includes several trailer and two version of the film :
a `` theatrical release '' version and a `` restored '' version .
the only difference between the two is that the final scene in the `` restored '' version has been printed to black and white .
the edit made
before the film went into general release
have not been restored ,
but the documentary detail what they were .
the widescreen transfer of both are remarkably good
and the sound is quite fine .
but to end where i began ,
this is indeed a film
that will most interest film historian 
movie buff 
and cult movie fan .
i give it three out of five star for their sake alone ,
but everyone else should pass it by.gary f. taylor 
aka gft 
amazon reviewer
