i was looking forward to seeing amanda peet in another good role
after recently renting `` the whole nine yard ''
-- easily worth the rental 
by the way --
but this was not it.i remembered
that the trailer for `` whipped '' was somewhat funny and the plot about three oversexed new yorker twenty something
all falling
for and getting manipulated by the charming ms. peet was worth a shot .
so 
i convinced two friend one afternoon
to come see this movie with me .
this review is my penance.in the first act
we have the three lead studs 
recounting their conquest in a diner .
what should have been funny 
or at least telling 
comes out rather pathetic .
was there any redeeming quality about the three man and their encounter
that we were supposed to get out of this ?
[ and while i do not mind movie
that are cheerfully vulgar ,
i kept wondering
why no one in the diner turned around
when the studs talk loudly about sexual and scatalogical detail .
they do this every week at the same diner ?
you would think someone would complain .
oh 
wait 
i forgot :
two other diner do notice in one scene .
but this is just a setup for a punchline .
everyone else in the diner is deaf .
] the second act has the three studs all falling for mia and then developing ain rot ,
failing to ask each other or her about what is really happening between the four of them .
and i kept asking myself ,
as the studs keep acting like they have been ,
what redeeming quality does she see in them to stick with them longer than one date ?
does she start out with ain rot ?
i kept hoping for eric 's character 
the married buddy ,
to become something more than simply the annoying punching bag in this act .
his role is clearly to dispense advice on being married .
but why do they even bother to talk to him
when they will not talk to each other ?
and his advice ?
sheeesh ! the third act resolves what plot there
is but by this time i was looking at my watch .
my friend told me
they were still waiting for something genuinely funny to happen
and i had to agree .
the scene
that explains all
was adequate
and managed to explain all of the question and mysterious dialogue bit throughout the movie
but we were just checking them off a list .
( `` oh 
okay ,
that is why brad had that happen and jonathan says this and ... '' )
what laughs we made were from the stupidity of the plot than at anything amusing .
even the outtake during the credit were not very funny .
ultimately i was left with nothing except a desire
to warn person away from this movie.rating :
3
