i did not give this movie a perfect score
in order to be honest in comparing to great classic like `` citizen kane '' and `` seven samaurai . ''
however 
this movie is so all-around wonderful ,
it is a real shame
it scores so poorly for the general imdb voter .
however 
the imdb voter leans to the geeky ,
and `` paulie '' does not qualify for that.the only acting criticism i might suggest is that hallie kate eisenberg did not portray the perfect stuttering child .
i am sorry ,
but asking a 6 year-old child to out-do dustin hoffman
as the rainman is asking for the impossible in film-making.moving past
that minor complaint 
the movie has the best of many film :
buddy road-trip 
con-game 
hero as friendly party-animal
( party-bird ?
) 
disney-like humor for young and old 
etc .
what is not to like ?
tony shaloub wears his role like a pair of comfortable jean .
that is normal for him ,
it seems .
( `` i am russian ... i like long story . )
i do not like mango ,
but he almost makes me want to go out and buy one .
watch the movie
and that will make sense.buddy hackett
and cheech marin make very appropriate appearance in the film .
role that are quite fitting to what we all know about them .
i have always found jay mohr to be a bit slimy 
and his on-screen role fits that as well .
the only surprise to me was finding
that jay was also paulie 's voice .
in the end ,
even that works well ;
put parrot and anti-parrot together as a team
and it creates a magic of its own.if
you are trying to find a film for you and the kid
that is neither insulting nor boring for either 
`` paulie '' is a perfect candidate .
i will 
however 
admit
that a happy moment color my review of `` paulie . ''
i was on a road-trip during a major heat-wave .
the car 's air-conditioning died 
half the restaurant had dead cooling
( as did our hotel )
and i said ,
`` let 's watch a movie
where there is working air-conditioning . ''
so we did .
so for 100 minute we were cooled 
amused ,
and given a heart-warming experience .
when i saw it recently on vcr under less emotional circumstance ,
i realized just how well this movie was made.it is a sleeper film
you will not regret watching .
