first off 
i would like to point out
that the reason
why i gave this movie 1 star out of 10
is because there is no option
to give it no star !
it really is that bad !
i was never eager to see this film
after i saw the ad for it ,
i ended up seeing it only by chance
because some friend of mine had ticket
and had one spare so i tagged along .
before seeing
it i had a fairly good idea
that it would not be genius - the premise seemed far too silly and stupid for anything good to come out of it ,
but at the back of my mind i was thinking
`` but there must be something good about it for uma thurman and luke wilson do to the film ... ''
not that i think
either of them are particularly terrific
but they are big-named star
who would normally only do film
that would enhance their reputation .
however 
about 10-20 minute into the feature i realized
that the movie was probably worse
than i had at first anticipated .
i was shocked at how terrible the script was .
it really gave the actor nothing
to work with ,
so much so
that they really looked like
they did not know what they were doing
( especially luke wilson ) .
the story was completely predictable -
if you have seen the ad
then you have pretty much seen the movie !
and there was nothing original about it - it pretty much borrow from every 'super-hero ' story
that has ever
been which would be acceptable
had the film been set up as a satire of that genre ,
but alas it was not .
the direction seemed to be of realism .
i got the feeling
that the director wanted the film to feel completely realistic and not satire at all ,
and yet there were some moment in the film
that were so unbelievably unrealistic
that it would have worked
if it were a satire .
at one moment in the movie two of the character seem to die
and one of the surviving character has a line like `` oh well ,
she is dead ... time
to move on ''
and he says it in such a droll voice
that it completely did not make any sense .
i found myself checking my watch after about 40 minute
to see how much longer i would have to sit through it .
and then it struck me ... i began to think `` i wonder
if the studio have made this picture as a test
to see
if they can make the worst possible movie ever made ,
and still pull a large audience ... ''
i could not think of any other reason
why this film would be made .
for movie to be made these day ,
the script goes to a massive screening process
and very very few script actually make it to the production stage ...
i can not comprehend how this one got past the first draft stage ... by the end ,
and exceedingly 
dumb-founding-ly stupid climax 
i was laughing heartily - just not at what the film-maker wanted me to laugh at ,
but instead at how ridiculous and stupid the movie was .
thank god i did not have to pay money to see it ...
because that would have really annoyed me ! ! !
oh 
and could i just add ,
that of the two wilson other 
i have always preferred luke
because i think
he is a better 
more versatile actor ...
but if he wants to step even further into owen 's shadow then this is exactly the way
to do it ... i doubt
that he will get many more job offer after this crappy waste of 2 hour ! ! !
and remember 
it only got a generous 1/10
because i could not select 0 !
