in cold blood has to be ranked as first-rate movie-making ,
even if the subject matter is about as grim
as it gets in the world of make-believe ,
but film noir fan should definitely find this one a gripping piece of work ,
based
as it is on a true-life crime spree.it opens with quincy jone ' music under the credit and starkly dramatic view of a highway bus heading toward kansas city ,
effectively setting the mood of the film even before the credit end .
the bandw photography of conrad hall does a superb job right from the start.also clear from the start :
robert blake and scott wilson are natural born actor .
they do a great job of portraying free spirited buddy
looking for the next thrill .
`` ever see a millionaire fry in the electric hair ?
hell no .
there are two kind of rule in this world .
one for the rich and one for the poor 
''
says wilson ,
taking a swig of alcohol behind the wheel.both are destined to cross the path of a farm family ,
showing no mercy
and leaving no witness behind.blake ,
reminiscing about movie ,
and thinking of hunting for gold in mexico ,
says :
`` remember bogart in 'treasure of the sierra madre ' ? ''
( an ironic momant ,
because blake himself was in the film as a little boy selling lottery ticket ) .
`` i got you pegged for a natural born killer 
''
wilson tells
blake.john forsythe is one of the lead detective on the case 
discovering
that all four family member were tied up ,
shot in the head and one had his throat cut .
`` do not person around here lock door ? ''
ask paul stewart .
`` they will tonight 
''
is the terse reply.after the murder 
the killer discover
that there was `` no big fat safe in the wall '' ,
like their prison informant told them .
so 
in the end 
it was truly a stupid 
senseless crime .
the question is :
why did they do it ?
and this is something the second half of the film explores in depth .
it takes an hour and a half into the movie
before the detective catch up with the killer
and begin the interrogation.it is these final scene
that carry the most conviction and the most interest
as the boy are told
they have made numerous mistake and left a living witness .
the actual event up to
and including the murder are saved until the end .
`` it makes no sense 
''
blake tells forsythe .
`` mr. cutter was a very nice gentleman .
i thought so right up until the time i cut his throat . ''
the screenplay by richard brooks is concise and to the point
-- and so is his direction.summing up :
brilliant depiction of two aimless young man on a crime spree
that made no sense then or now for a mere $ 43 .
chilling .
