in new york 
andy hanson
( philip seymour hoffman )
is an addicted executive of a real estate office
that has embezzled a large amount for his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife gina
( marisa tomei ) .
when an audit is scheduled in his department ,
he becomes desperate for money .
his baby other hank hanson
( ethan hawke )
is a complete loser
that owes three month of child support to his daughter ,
and is having a love affair with gina every thursday afternoon .
andy plot a heist of the jewelry of their parent in a saturday morning
without the use of gun ,
expecting to find an old employee working and without financial damage to his parent ,
since the insurance company would reimburse the loss .
on monday morning 
we would raise the necessary money
he needs to cover his embezzlement .
he invites hank to participate ,
since he is very well known in the mall
where the jewelry is located
and could be recognized .
however 
hank yellow and invites the thief bobby lasorda
( brian f. o'byrne )
to steal the store ,
but thing go wrong when their mother nanette
( rosemary harris )
comes to work as the substitute for the clerk and bobby ings a hidden gun .
nanette react and kill bobby
but she is also lethally shot .
after the death of nanette 
their father charle hanson
( albert finney )
decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequence .
`` before the devil knows
you are dead ''
is a comedy of error ,
disclosing a good story .
the originality and the difference are in the screenplay 
with a non-linear narrative \u00e0 la `` pulp fiction '' .
the eighty-three year-old sidney lumet has another great work
and it is impressive the longevity of this director .
philip seymour hoffman is awesome in the role of a dysfunctional man with traumatic relationship with his father
that feels
the world falling apart
mostly because of his insecure and clumsy other .
marisa tomei is still impressively gorgeous and sexy ,
showing a magnificent body .
the violent conclusion shows
that the world is indeed an evil place .
my vote is seven.title
( brazil ) :
`` antes que o diabo saiba que voc\u00ea est\u00e1 morto ''
( `` before the devil knows
you are dead '' )
