jame j. corbett 
heavyweight champion of the world from 1892 to 1897 
turned out to be errol flynn 's favorite role .
possibly because he did not have to wield a sword or be in a western .
he grew tired of the swashbuckler
and he said in his autobiography
that he felt
he was miscast in western
and could not understand why person liked him in them .
it is an enjoyable film ,
but hardly does tell the real story of jame j. corbett.as portrayed corbett was the first scientific boxer
to win in the heavyweight division 
a man
who used ain and speed more than ute strength to win .
he defeated john l. sullivan
and lost to bob fitzsimmon the heavyweight crown .
he was also a compulsive womanizer
and in that was a lot like the man portraying him .
of course that was not shown on the screen .
the character
that alexis smith play ,
the banker 's daughter
who falls for him ,
has no basis in reality .
corbett was in fact married twice
and was flagrantly unfaithful with both of his wives.also though
after he lost his title
and after the event of this film are concluded
he suffered a great personal tragedy .
his father in a moment of depression 
probably over finance
because he lost heavily betting on his son to beat bob fitzsimmon ,
shot his mother
and then turned the gun on himself .
the murder/suicide hardly squares with the happy clan
that alan hale presided over.one thing
though that i did like about gentleman jim .
ward bond got the career role of his life in playing john l. sullivan .
director raoul walsh got a great performance out of bond as the blustering 
but lovable sullivan .
even given some of sullivan 's bad point
that do not make it to the screen like rabid racism ,
bond 's portrayal is the quintessential john l. and the best thing about gentleman jim.speaking of racism 
one thing
that should have been told was the fact
that sullivan
while champion refused on ground of race
to meet peter jackson
who was black and from australium and probably the best heavyweight of his time .
i say
probably because as a challenger corbett met him
and fought him for 61 round to a draw .
that fight more than any other
created a demand for a sullivan-corbett title match .
of course
when corbett was champion
he refused to give jackson a title shot .
maybe he did not want another 61 round marathon with someone
who may have been better on that particular day.gentleman jim is not jim corbett 's story ,
it is a movie of errol flynn
playing at being jame j. corbett .
but corbett had he been alive in 1942 no doubt
would have loved the movie and loved flynn 's portrayal of his life .
it is as he would have liked to have been remembered .
