being a giant monster fan ,
me seeing `` yeti '' was an absolute must ,
especially after hearing so much about it .
thank to the good 'ol bootleg market i was able to find a copy pretty easily ,
and was happily surprised upon watching
that this flick was actually ,
dare i say ,
decent.decent for what it is 
actually 
namely a cheesy giant-monster flick .
it kicks in pretty quickly as yeti is found pretty much immediately ,
and we get introduced to various character .
they consist of some sleazy one 
some good one 
and a girl
who is pretty much one of the most downright strikingly beautiful girl in any cheesy sci-fi film ,
by far.yeti look like a long-haired guy straight out of the original woodstock concert ,
and really ,
he is not that bad of a dude ,
especially after being introduced to the world in some kind of funky cage-like thing .
godzilla he is not -
despite his rude awakening ,
he does not even rampage
( actually he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture ) ,
but kinda just look puzzled while trying to figure thing out .
yeti seems to understand english pretty nicely
( my copy was dubbed in english )
and he knows
who the good guy and bad guy are.however ,
we want to see the giant yeti do his thing ,
and he is pretty much in the whole movie ,
and in typical low-budget fashion 
he seems to change size a lot depending on the scene
and there is even a bunch of the `` fake legs ''
shot
of him just standing there.ye ,
the special effect are not the greatest ,
but there are definitely some good one here .
a scene
where yeti smashes through a warehouse
is done very well ,
and in another 
he uses the window of a building as `` ladder step '' to climb down from the top
of it - shattering each window with his foot
and often shocking the occupant inside - in one sequence
that really look much ,
much better
than it should in such a `` bad '' movie .
`` yeti '' never stoops as low as say 
`` a.p.e . ''
does .
actually the only time
it even comes close to genuine silliness
is when the beautiful girl causes yeti 's nipple to become erect
and he lifts his eyeow in an `` oh yeah baby '' manner .
but even this is not that bad ,
and kinda even gets a laugh out of the viewer.the movie is pretty long for this kind of thing ,
but surprisingly enough
it does not get boring -
the story is actually good ,
and just watching this utterly gorgeous actress on screen will make any male viewer happy .
`` yeti '' may not be in the upper echelon of giant monster flick ,
but it is definitely better than other king kong '76 rip-off like `` a.p.e . ''
and `` queen kong '' by very far .
