`` october sky '' is a film
that will steal your heart ,
fill your mind with vivid imagery ,
and lift your spirit .
the tale of homer hickham and his dream
of creating a rocket seem so simple at first ,
especially when the film is set in a mining town ,
where the future is as clear cut as the lump of coal in the mine .
but homer can not follow in his father 's footstep .
with the encouragement of miss riley ,
( a friendly teacher ) ,
member of his father 's staff 
and his friend 
homer attempt
to make his dream a reality.yet as in any true to life story ,
there are many stop along the way .
director joe johnston lowers us into the coal mine ,
where we witness the chilling plight of miner stooped beneath a ceiling of rock .
with lit helmet and bent posture 
they resembled alien insectoid more than human in the darkness .
the hacking cough of the miner and the blackened faces were a constant reminder of the danger
the miner faced in their work.contrasting
the mine shaft 's luguious load are the image of homer and his friend 's rocket launch .
underneath the blue bowl of sky ,
rocket are placed upon a pad
and launched into the stratosphere ...
and nothing can match the scene
when homer sees sputnik for the first time.yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the character .
homer 's father is a classic hardened man ...
but he has a soft side as well .
we see
that he does love his son ,
despite their many argument .
the love and support of miss riley is evident as well .
best of all 
the film is uncomfortable .
it does not tie everything up in a nice bow .
it tears at you ,
lift you up .
it keeps an air of reality ,
which is important in a film like this.this film
can be considered a complete work .
at first 
i was disappointed
that the film did not continue with homer 's life .
i did not want it to end .
then i realized ...
that is what a good film does to a person .
if it has done its job ,
you will not want it to end .
and `` october sky '' accomplish just that .
