at the end of `` dragon heat 
'' all i could think
of was why i bothered sitting through the whole thing.the film 's premise is interesting
and that - as well as maggie q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place .
but was i ever disappointed .
writer-director daniel lee can not hold a candle to the like of john woo ,
ringo lam and corey yuen.this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed film i
have ever seen .
lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and i use
that phrase incredibly loosely -
that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white still 
freeze frame 
slow-motion 
fast-motion and other visual nonsense .
i suppose he did all
that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue.the action scene
are nothing special
and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else .
there is little to care about any of the character -
including two supposedly professional sniper
who could not hit the oad side of a barn from the inside !
-
who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue i
have seen in one of these hong kong actioners.the plot is devoid of any twist and turns - from the initial set-up ,
everything unfold in predictable fashion - and lee feel the need
to keep reminding us of the character ' back story in case
we did not get it the first several time .
this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talent of sammo hung 
michael biehn and maggie q. though ,
to be frank ,
i am hard-pressed to remember biehn being in any good film
that was not directed by jame cameron.if
you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner ,
you are much better off sticking to some of the staple - john woo 's `` the killer ''
( 1989 )
and `` hard-boiled ''
( 1992 ) 
ringo lam 's `` city on fire ''
( 1987 )
-
which quentin tarantino stole for `` reservoir dog ''
( 1992 )
- or his `` point blank ''
( 1967 )
remake 
`` full contact ''
( 1992 ) .
or 
even check out yuen 's `` so close ''
( 2002 ) ,
a supremely entertaining 
yet preposterous 
popcorn flick .
and there is always the terrific french police actioner 
`` the nest ''
( 2002 )
.true 
most 
if not all 
are a bit over-the-top ,
but they were film
that remain exciting 
thrilling and even suspenseful .
they have character we care about and mind-blowing action sequence .
`` dragon heat 
'' on the other hand 
is just terribly mediocre .
the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film ,
he has made a dull one .
