like a latter day ayn rand 
bigelow is la major muy macho in her depiction in the film of a few tough american home
stuck in iraq defusing roadside bomb
set by the ruthless 
relentless 
child-killing arab terrorist .
as bigelow posits the iraq war as the backdrop of the grand stage of human drama ,
one veteran bomb expert gets blown up and another shows up
to replace him in the dusty 
hot 
ugly rubble
that is iraq ,
and a new hero is born.the new guy is what john hershey described in his book 
and later the movie 
the war lover 
as a sadistic wingnut
who actually
is not fit for civilian life ,
and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and suppress his errant sexual desire .
the war lover can only fully function in war 
peacetime suffocates him .
while hershey chastised the war lover ,
( played in the film by steve mcqueen in one of his greatest role )
bigelow glorify him .
the army needs war lover ,
they are the bulwark of defense against our enemy .
we can not handle the truth ,
that it is war lover
who are the best soldier 
the toughest man .
according to the unironic bigelow ,
regular man are pussy ,
the war lover is a special eed 
the last of the cowboy .
so what if he wants to bare-back his man 
or fondle an iraqi boy ?
he is a throwback to the sex-and-death cult of war .
in war 
sex is a thankless 
loveless 
do not-ask ,
do not-tell kind of male bonding .
bigelow has no opinion on this ;
she just limits the option of masculinity in this ham-fisted attempt at realism .
only a war-lover can win the moral struggle between right and wrong 
between american innocence and arab perfidy .
bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ingenuous facade of journalism .
she is just another gung-ho yahoo
depicting a utal war against civilian as a moral triumph of the spirit.on the political front 
bigelow return to the western genre and its relentless clich\u00e9s again and again 
ad nauseam :
the wonderful world of the open frontier ,
which happens to be some one else 's country .
( `` you can shoot person here ''
says a soldier ) ;
the tough but human black guy companion 
the soldier with a premonition of death 
the gruff 
possibly crazy commanding officer 
the college-educated fool
who tries to befriend the enemy .
you name it ,
bigelow resurrect it.the man-boy love is palpable in scene with the cute arab boy
who befriends the war lover ,
but bigelow play it straight ;
she does not consummate the sex ,
just sanitizes it .
what bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly 
sneering face of the arab enemy .
any iraqi
who is not pure evil
is either demanted 
hostile or up to no good 
anyway .
they all deserve to die for their impudence ,
and many of them do in this glib gore-fest film .
the iraqi woman are all hysterical ,
they only make their presence known by screaming .
they could be male stunt man in drag for all i know ,
you never see their faces .
there is no female presence at all on base or in battle ,
although female casualty rate in iraq would certainly disprove this.bigelow goes through all the motion one by one .
she glorify war ,
she canonizes the sadist nut-case hero .
the cowboy ,
surrounded by the subhuman indian ,
prove their mettle
by doing god 's work
and subduing the wretched terrorist-infested hellhole with sheer avado and suicidal mania .
toward the end 
i felt like rooting for the indian .
in bigelow 's world 
though 
no mercy or understanding ever makes it through .
the iraqis are dehumanized par excellence .
the slaughter of civilian is just the dramatic backdrop to our hero 's psycho sexual struggle .
every u.s 
bullet finds its mark .
you have to love the guy 
the war lover .
it is just his way ,
he is the true hero .
he is just a guy
trying to get thing done the hard way ,
and so what if he lusts for boy tang on the side .
