titanic is a long
but well made tragic adventure love story
that takes place during the ill-fated voyage on the unsinkable ship .
writer/director jame cameron has done a great job
of making this movie about a fictional love story between two very different person
and combining
that with the real event of the titanic
that sunk
after hitting an iceberg on april 15 ,
1912 claiming thousand of life
who perished in the icy freeing water of the north atlantic .
the two lead in the film are great in their role
including leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet .
they make for a good on-screen couple .
dicpario and winslet also had genuine chemistry together
which made the romance
that eventually blossoms between them that much more believable .
they both showed real talent
when this one came out
and both of them have continued to show just that in their most recently film as well .
the rest of the supporting cast
including billy zane 
kathy bate 
france fisher 
jonathan hyde ,
and bill paxton in a small role are equally impressive as their character
who help ing them to life in this film .
the love story 
the action 
suspense 
and the special effect are magnificent done especially for that time .
the horror of the situation the character were in felt so real
because it really happened
making you want most of them to survive this life and death situation .
the pacing was a little slow at time
and it was a little long
but the rest of the movie made up
for it is few flaw .
titanic makes for a great date movie
which is sure to make some girl cry almost every time
they watch it .
the fact
that this really happened definitely
added to the movie
making you feel sorry for all the life lost
when the titanic sunk into the atlantic after
hitting an iceberg .
overall titanic is a tragic hearteaking story about two person
who fall in love
while on the ill-fated ship
that ought to life by the exceptional performance from the cast especially dicaprio and winslet
who definitely make this movie worth the time to watch .
