there are not many overcoming-the-odds story quite like that of christy brown .
born with cereal palsy in 1930s dublin ,
his parent thought
his handicap was mental as well as physical .
though eventually properly diagnosed 
brown 
in a lower working-class family with nearly 20 child 
had to push himself just to be appreciated by his family .
through the use of his only fully-functioning limb 
his left leg ,
he taught himself to write and paint ,
both skill he developed expertly .
but what makes the film version of brown 's autobiography `` my left foot ''
such a great retelling is its humility .
both director/writer jim sheridan and star daniel day-lewis have managed to tell this story in a way
that does not scream for attention and resort to melodrama .
cheesy struggle and scene of frustration as well as glorious moment of minute victory are easy pitfall of a story so miraculous ,
yet `` my left foot '' stay real and intrinsically inspired.day-lewis is the easiest to highlight .
playing anyone with such serious physical impairment has to be a demanding task .
not only does day-lewis give us a very complete picture of christy ,
but he also manages to chronicle the growth 
improvement and inner change of the character in different stage of his life .
he plays christy at 17
when he had limited language capability
and was emotionally volatile just as crisply
as he does the intellectually learned christy
who struggle to cope with why
he can not find non-platonic love .
the latter theme is the film 's strongest
and it would 've been nice for sheridan and co-adapter shane connaughton to really flesh that out .
regardless 
day-lewis gets us to understand and sympathize with all those element ,
giving a performance
that is so believable
you often do not have time to think `` wow ,
he is such a great actor . ''
those are the most commendable performance.equally important
but through more subtle means is sheridan 's work on the film .
this story is about day-to-day life and struggle .
although christy has such a unique set of circumstance hampering his life ,
his struggle are not unlike our own and sheridan grasps
that concept completely .
christy struggle with love 
parental attention 
question of self- worth and capability .
his struggle are just more physically manifested
( literally and figuratively ) than our .
sheridan gives us moment
that capture the spirit of the large brown family and christy 's unique place in it .
the drama evolves naturally
when tension are highest and the humor comes in much the same way .
the dinner scene
when christy learns that his doctor/teacher
-- the woman
he loves --
is going to marry his other peter
is the film 's finest example of both day-lewis and sheridan 's effort .
it is built up to so well by sheridan
that it comes out
when we are ready
and day-lewis takes us from there with his stunning work.the other strong component of the film is brenda fricker as mrs. brown .
i did not know
she had won the oscar ,
but there was something about her performance as christy 's loving and wise mother
that just screamed oscar-worthy .
her love for christy and constant fighting for him just seems so convincing and heartfelt
and she earns a lot of sympathy
given her situation.the emotional punch of the film
given the story is surprisingly minimal .
perhaps that was part of the sacrifice
of trying to create a film
that feels organically human .
the two should be reconcilable ,
but i imagine it is challenging to tell a story
that feels true-to-life and one
that provides enough dramatic moment
to take our emotion on a roller coaster .
the choice to downplay the latter was definitely the wise one for `` my left foot . ''
brown 's circumstance speak for themselves
-- they do not need to be squeezed for weightier dramatic impact.~steven cvisit my site moviemusereviews.com for more
