lillian hellman 
one of america 's most famous woman playwright 
was a woman with a mission .
her leftist view were not well regarded at the time in the country .
in her memoir 
she recounts her trip to the then 
soviet union ,
as she was intrigued with the so
called success
achieved by that system .
`` watch on the rhine '' must have come as a result of those year .
the left wing in america ,
as all over the world had an issue with the rise of fascism ,
not only in europe 
but in japan as well .
`` watch on the rhine '' was a play
produced on broadway eight month before the pearl harbor attack by the japanese .
in it ms. hellman was heralding america 's entrance in world war ii .
the adaptation is credited to ms. hellman and dashiell hammett 
her long time companion .
as directed for the screen by herman shumlin 
the film was well received
when it premiered in 1943.we are introduced to the muller family ,
when the film opens .
they are crossing the border to the united state from mexico .
they are to continue toward mrs. muller 's home in washington 
d.c. ,
where her mother 
fanny farrelly 
is a minor celeity hostess .
the muller 
we realize are fleeing europe
because of the persecution there against the opponent of the advancing totalitarian regime in germany .
in fact ,
we thought 
in a way 
the muller could have been better justified
if they were jewish 
fleeing from a sure extermination.we find out
that mr. muller has had a terrible time in his native land 
as well as in other place
because his outspokenness in denouncing fascim .
little does he know
that he is coming to his mother-in-law 's house
that is housing one of the worst exponent of that philosophy.the film offer excellent acting all around .
it is a curiosity piece
because of bette davis ' supporting role .
paul lukas ,
repeating his broadway role ,
is quite convincing as kurt muller 
the upright man
that wants to make a better world for himself and his family .
mr. lukas does a great job portraying kurt muller ,
repeating the role
that made him a stage luminary on broadway.the other best performance
is by lucile watson ,
who plays fanny farrelly 
the matriarch of this family .
geraldine fitzgerald is seen as marthe de brancovis 
a guest of the farrellys 
married to the contemptible teck de brancovis 
a nazi sympathizer ,
played by george coulouris .
beulah bondi 
donald wood ,
and the rest of the supporting cast give good performance guided by mr. shumlin.the film
should serve as a reminder about the evil of totalitarian rule 
no matter where .
