the main reason person still care about `` carlton-browne of the f.o . ''
is that it features peter seller in a second-billed role .
but watching this film to see peter seller is a mistake.seller plays amphibulos 
a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the dirt-poor island nation of gaillardia 
formerly a british colony ,
now hosting a lot of russian digger during the height of the cold war .
amphibulos wants to play both u.k. and soviet interest against each other for easy profit 
`` everything very friendly and all our card under the table '' .
terry-thomas is the title character 
a lazy british diplomat anxious to show gaillardia
that great britain has not forgotten them ,
all appearance to the contrary.a positive review here says :
`` the reason
this movie is considered average
is because the comedy is understated . ''
i would argue
that the reason `` carlton-browne '' is considered below average
is because the comedy is non-existent.after a decent opening
that establishes the film 's only two strength 
a sympathetically doltish terry-thomas and john addison 's full-on larky score 
thing quickly slow down into a series of slow burn and lame miscommunication joke .
the low opinion of carlton-browne by his boss and the obscurity of gaillardia
( which no one can find on a map )
is milked to death .
by the time we actually reach the island
( after a labored series of airsick joke ) ,
expectation are quite low.they are still too high 
though .
the island itself ,
which seems to exist either in latin america or the mediterranean ,
is so pathetic its honor guard faint at the airport ,
and the review stand falls apart in the middle of a parade .
the army is apparently still horse drawn ,
allowing for another lame aural gag by a thick-accented announcer :
`` in war 
the army uses many horse .
`` seller never quite takes center stage
even when we are on his character 's island .
the plot is taken over instead by ian bannen as king loris ,
who inherits the throne of gaillardia after his father 's assassination .
bannen is dull and plays his part as straight
as it is written .
normally this would make him the likely target for scene-stealing by seller ,
but trapped behind a thick accent and greasy moustache ,
seller is only a threat to those of us
who remember him far more happily in two other film
made this same year 
`` the mouse that roared '' and `` i am all right 
jack .
`` strange that this film 
like `` jack '' 
was a boulting brother production 
with roy boulting here
serving as co-director alongside jeffrey dell .
usually boulting film combine wicked social satire with anything-goes comedy ,
but here there are only fey jabs in either direction .
amphibulos works his mangled-english vibe for all its worth
( `` this man is like ,
how do you say ,
the bull in the chinese ship '' )
while carlton-browne is generally ragged on by his superior far more
than he seems to deserve.the weakest
and most protracted element of the film is young loris 's romance with ilyena .
score one point for her
being played by ravishing luciana paluzzi ,
dock one for the fact
that they are apparently cousin is never addressed.the film winds up with a lamely staged revolution
whose surprise resolution will surprise no one 
and a final bit of action by carlton-browne
that would seem to nail the lid on his coffin literally .
apparently he lives to see another day ,
but the film of the same name is strictly doa .
