in 1914 
charlie chaplin began making picture .
these were made for mack sennett
( also known as `` keystone studio '' )
and were literally churned out in very rapid succession .
the short comedy had very little structure
and were completely ad libbed .
as a result 
the film 
though popular in their day 
were just awful by today 's standard .
many of them bear a strong similarity to home movie featuring obnoxious relative mugging for the camera .
many other show the character wander in front of the camera
and do pretty much nothing .
and ,
regardless of the outcome ,
keystone sent them straight to theater .
my assumption is that all movie at this time must have been pretty bad ,
as the keystone film with chaplin were very successful.the charlie chaplin we know
and love today only began to evolve later in chaplin 's career with keystone .
by 1915 
he signed a new lucrative contract with essenay studio
and the film improved dramatically with chaplin as director .
however 
at time these film were still very rough and not especially memorable .
no 
chaplin as the cute little tramp was still evolving .
in 1916 ,
when he switched to mutual studio ,
his film once again improved
and he became the more recognizable nice guy
-- in many of the previous film he was just a jerk
( either getting drunk a lot ,
beating up woman ,
provoking fight with innocent person 
etc . ) .
the final evolution of his little tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s
as a result of his full-length film.it is interesting
that this film is called twenty minute of love
since the film only lasts about 10 minute !
oh well .
the plot ,
what little there is ,
involves the little tramp in the park .
a couple wants to neck but inexplicably ,
charlie insist on practically sitting on the couple 's lap
and really annoying them .
i can not understand why and the short consist of charlie wandering about the park annoying these person and some other later in the film .
perhaps he was looking for a threesome ,
i do not know .
but the film lacks coherence and just is not particularly funny
-- even when person start slapping each other
and pushing each other in the lake .
a typical poor effort
before chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality .
