full of spoilers.this is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller
based on ira levin 's play about two gay playwright
( caine and reeve )
that plot the murder of one 's rich wife
( cannon )
to get the property and the insurance .
the plot succeeds
but christopher reeve as the younger and less established of the two writer decides
to make a play out of the actual murder
-- with only slight change in the detail .
reeve allows
that easthampton 
long island 
can become southampton 
long island 
in the script 
for instance .
the rest of the play 's plot is a dead giveaway
and to tell the truth reeve does not mind a little gossip or even an inquiry into cannon 's apparently accidental death .
it will boost the revenue and his own warhol quotient.michael caine is sidney bruhl 
the megabuck-making playwright
whose last four production bombed
and who would like nothing more than to quietly get back to working on a new play 
perhaps with reeve 's input ,
that would redeem his reputation .
he can not permit reeve 's scandalous play-a-clef to be produced .
so
-- what else ?
-- he tries to murder him .
in the end they wind up killing one another ,
the manuscript is appropriated by their neighbor 
the psychic helga tensdoorp ,
and she makes a million buck selling
it to broadway.it is a lot of fun for a number of reason .
one is the production design .
that multi-roomed 
multi-storied house with the big windmill atop 
situated on nine of what must be the most valuable acre on earth
( easthampton ! )
would be a splendid set of dig anywhere .
you would not be able to afford a pup tent in easthamptom .
the house is not overly large or baroque in its decor .
it is just magnificently modest ,
although it is a little tidy for my taste ,
the kind of house
that is so clean you
are afraid to step on the thick carpet for fear
of leaving the imprint of a foot.next ,
the acting could hardly be improved upon .
caine 
cannon 
and fred jone are superb .
dyan cannon gives a pitch-perfect performance as the anxious wife
whose slack are so tight
they look
as if they had been sprayed on ,
which is okay given her asset .
even reeve ,
whose talent was limited ,
seems to find a comfortable niche in his role of affable but psychopathic murderer .
irene worth 
as the psychic neighbor helga 
was in some way hard to define 
a mistake .
granted she
-- or someone like her --
was necessary to the plot 
but 
my god 
what an offensive snoop her character is ,
going around and claiming ,
`` i feel pain in zis woom ! ''
i suppose in order to make her a little more interesting ,
she is got up in sweat and a goofy looking cap with bicycle reflector on it .
still 
she is a nuisance from beginning to end.you have to love ira levin 's bitchy dialog .
the distraught caine begs reeve to tell him
why he wrote the tell-all play .
`` because it is there 
sidney ! ''
says reeve 
and caine shout ,
`` that is mountain ,
not play !
play are not there until some ***hole writes them ! ''
great too is caine 's call to the police after his wife drop dead of fright ,
as planned .
he works himself up into a torrent of sobs ,
barely able to speak ,
as he reports the incident and implores
that an ambulance be sent immediately .
when he hangs up ,
his face assumes its usual placid expression ,
he blows his nose into his handkerchief ,
and walks away 
all business again.the climax 
though suitably ironic 
is confusing and noisy and full of artifice 
lacking in the wicked charm
that levin and lumet ought to the earlier scene .
the score is mostly made up of light-hearted riff on the harpsichord ,
neatly fitting into the film.you will probably enjoy it .
