i have now seen this film twice ,
and i must say
i enjoyed it both time .
it is fast paced and fun 
but ultimately daft .
having said
that it deserves to be trashed
because of screwing up what could have been a good follow up to the seminal original .
it is clear for those
who have seen the awful 'zombie creeping flesh '
that the film massive shortcoming can be owed to bruno mattei ,
and that the little that is commendable about it can be owed to fulci .
this is not idle fulci sycophancy ,
the director style are starkly contrasted throughout ,
and you can tell
who directed what ,
particularly in mattei 's case.the film is centered around the outeak of a virus
( oddly referred to as 'top secret ' by a scientist ,
it is secrecy apparently being more noteworthy than its potentially apocalyptic effect on mankind )
somewhere in south east asia .
the virus causes zombie like behaviour in those affected ,
and the virus quickly spreads across a seemingly arbitrary area of land .
our protagonist unwittingly wander into the danger zone ,
and have to fight for their life against horde of infected asians.the film seems to be stuck half way
between being a zombie gore flick ,
and an out and out action adventure 
and this confusion is captured most clearly by the zombie themselves .
they do not appear to have a set of characteristic common to all .
some are of the regular soulless shuffling variety ,
so well rendered in the original 
and probably fulci 's creation here .
the other main group consist of those
who in being infected with the virus lost all sense of themselves ,
but incurred a savage aggression and a desire
to earn a black belt in ninjitsu :
indecisively leaping around unsure of whether to continue honing their upper roundhouse technique
or engage with their ethren in what looks like a mass tickle fest on their hapless victim .
martial art skill are not their only talent either ,
they are well versed in guerilla tactic 
hiding on rafter and under bale of hay ,
and sometime inexplicably falling from nowhere but the heaven themselves .
this is all definitely
the work of mattei.there is a third 
more chatty 
variety of zombie .
this type apparently retain a sense of irony
as well 'i am really thirsty ... for your blood ' .
the ridiculous twist at the end
in which the dj turns zombie
but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish about the fate of mankind ,
only serves to enhance the wtf factor and obliterate any hope of a serious resolution.then
there is the infamous zombie head
which slowly propels itself through the air 
a jokerish skeletal grin wrought across its face ,
as if to say
'yeah we know
how bad this looks'.the character are all utterly one dimensional
as you would expect .
but its the pseudo comical dialogue and dubbing
that really prevents us from taking their plight seriously .
having said
that the first soldier to die does put up an impressively valiant display against an unstoppable zombie menace .
indeed this is the first and perhaps only time we hit real zombie agro ,
and one of the only effective scene in the film.the guy
who played the chief scientist
has heart 
but no talent 
utilising pause in his line entirely at random ,
so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic .
the scientist ' on screen attempt
at finding an antidote
are totally unconvincing 'now
lets put these two molecule together ! '
there are a few moment
that stick out as genuinely effective however .
in an early scene a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage .
upon entering a room
we are confronted with a hazy view of a shifting figure in the corner and a squirming mass on the floor ,
all shot in an atmospheric diffused light .
the silence is interrupted by the appearance of a speedy machete wielding zombie
who trashes everything in his wake in his alarming desperation to have her .
his sheer aggressiveness is one of the few moment of real horror in the film .
the before and after theme conveyed through the hotel
that plays host to the happening of the earliest stage of the outeak ,
and later as a refuge to our protagonist is imbued with an thick humid ambiance .
there is a scene
in which one of the soldier cautiously approaches a boarded up room
that clearly house horde of the undead ,
and this is quite tense .
thing become more dramatic
when they board themselves in the hotel unknowing to what lurks upstairs .
but this is sloppily handled
and not nearly as effective
as it could have been.all in all i would say
this film may just about deserve to be called a royal screw up of a potentially effective tropical zombie fest 
rather than simply a through and through bad film .
if nothing else it has plenty of the unintentional laughs
that i have come to expect from just about anything italian and gory from the eighty .
