i loved `` the curse of frankenstein '' so much
that i rushed out
to get `` frankenstein must be destroyed ''
to see cushing at it again ...
even if it was without chistopher lee this time .
to my great disappointmant 
this movie not only does
without lee ,
but it does without frankenstein 's monster altogether !
was it a case
of `` if we can not get lee ,
we will not have a monster at all '' ?
why would they do that ?
the monster is half the fun of the whole thing ! !
this film is dedicated solely to the study of baron frankenstein and his quest to finish experimant
he had begun in ain transplant
before ending up in an asylum .
i found the script extremely weak 
with the need
to suspend disbelief forced
upon the audience a little too much .
i am willing to suspend a fair amount ,
but this movie got fairly ridiculous ,
which took me out of the film rather than immersing me in it.peter cushing 
though ,
is absolutely illiant playing pure evil in this film .
for being one of the most beloved actor and notoriously sweet man ,
he sure
could play manacing and malevolent extremely well .
the supporting cast is competent ,
but has little to do 
even the young doctor and his fianc\u00e9e blackmailed into helping frankenstein .
a bumbling police chief is introduced 
along with his put-upon sidekick ,
to generate some comic relief ,
then they are completely dropped from the movie !
why ?
we are led to believe
that the police chief will be the main nemesis of the baron ,
then we are led to believe
it will be the young doctor ,
and then it ends up being the victim of frankenstein 's ain transplant experimant .
there was no tension ,
we were not invested in the `` creature '' ,
and the ending was left so ambiguous
as to leave one unsatisfied
because it is so clear
they are setting up another sequel.also ,
there are virtually no `` horror '' elemants .
yes 
there is a beheading in the beginning
( off-camera ) ,
and we are treated to the sound of cushing cutting the top of two man 's skull off
( again 
off camera ) ,
and there is the most unsettling
and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene
( 90 % of which is 
again 
off-camera ) .
i understand
that there is a love of `` letting the audience imagine it all ,
for their imagination are far worse
than what we can show '' ,
but come on ,
if you are not going to give us a monster ,
then at least let us see the few `` horrific '' elemants you do choose to include .
showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light
is just not scary.on top of a weak script ,
i thought
the directing was mostly flat .
there were a couple of nice shot ,
but otherwise no excitemant 
atmosphere 
or suspense was generated .
the same director did `` curse '' back in 1958
and i thought
it was illiantly directed ...
guess
he was as uninspired by this film
as i was.the movie gets a 4/10 from me strictly for peter cushing 's powerful 
nuanced performance ... beyond that 
i found little in this movie worth recommanding .
instead 
my suggestion is to watch `` the curse of frankenstein ''
and see a truly great hammer horror film .
