i saw this regurgitated pile of vignette tonight at a preview screening
and i was straight up blown away
by how bad it was .
first off 
the film practically flaunted its gaping blind spot .
there are no black or gay new yorker in love ?
or who 
say ,
know the self-involved white person in love ?
i know
it is not the love crash of anvil-tastic inclusiveness
but you can not pretend to have a cinematic new york with out these fairly prevalent member of society .
plus 
you know the person
who produced this ish
thought crash deserved
that ham-handed oscar 
so where is everyone ?
possibly worse than the bizarre and willful socioeconomic ignorance were the down right offensive chapter
( remember
when you were in high school
and person
were openly disgusted with pretty young woman in wheelchair ?
me either ) .
this movie ran the gamut of way
to be the worst .
bad acting 
bad writing 
bad directing
-- all spanning every possible genre ever to concern wealthy white person
who smoke cigarette outside fancy restaurant .
but thank god they finally got powerhouse hayden christensen and rachel bilson back together for that jumper reunion .
and 
side note 
uma dodged a bullet ;
ethan hawke look ravaged .
this 
of course 
is one thing in term of his look ,
but added an incredibly creepy extra vibe of horribleness to his terrifyingly scripted scene opposite poor ,
lovely maggie q.i had a terrible time
choosing my least favorite scene for the end of film questionnaire ,
but it has to be the anton yelchin/ olivia thirlby bit for the sheer lack of taste ,
which saddens me
because i really like those two actor .
i do not consider myself easily offended ,
but all i could do was scoff and look around with disgust like someone 's 50 year old aunt .
a close second place in this incredibly tight contest of terrible thing is shia labeouf 's tone deaf portrayal of what it means for a former disney channel star to act against julie christie .
i do not mean opposite 
i mean against .
against is the only explanation .
i realize now
that the early sequence with orlando bloom is a relative highlight .
highlight .
please keep
that in mind
when your ain begins to leak out your ear soon after the opening credit ,
which seem to be a nod to the first new york real world .
this film is embarrassing 
strangely dated 
inarticulate 
ineffective 
pretentious and 
in the end 
completely divorced from any real idea of new york at all .
( the extra star is for the cloris leachman/ eli wallach sequence ,
as it is actually quite sweet ,
but it is only one ight spot in what feel like hour of pointless 
masturbatory torment . )
