as is often the case ,
film about self-loathing character do not usually make for good drama .
'downloading nancy ' is no exception .
it is supposedly based on a true story about a woman
who 's murdered at her own request
by someone
she meets over the internet.the protagonist
is nancy
( maria bello )
who is married to albert
( rufus sewell ) .
albert is a successful software developer
who has developed a golf game
which his company has successfully marketed to various bar and bar/restaurant .
unlike most human being 
albert has virtually no positive attribute
( except for his ability
to be successful in the business world ) .
throughout the film 
albert has a grim and dour expression on his face .
he has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problem and resort to patronizing prostitute .
when his wife asks for sex ,
he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead.nancy is equally one-note as a character .
not only has she had a loveless 15 year marriage
but was sexually abused by her uncle
when she was growing up
( thankfully there are no flashback of that back story in the film ) .
her self-loathing takes the form of self-mutilation and a result ,
she is forced into therapy .
however 
she has such contempt for her therapist
that no progress can be made.finally ,
nancy is so depressed
that she contacts loui over the internet .
he is sort of a sadomasochistic gigolo ,
who has sex with woman for money
while inflicting massive amount of pain to boot .
it is revealed
that loui has two child but no longer sees them
( the child 's mother no longer wants anything to do with him )
.nancy 's plan is to first have painful sex with loui
and then have him kill her .
there is a particularly unpleasant scene
where loui has sex with nancy
while slashing her vaginal area with a oken piece of glass .
these scene are shown as flashback
after loui pays a visit to albert
who ties him up and strike him with a golf club .
it seems that loui has a two-fold plan in going to see albert :
1 )
berate him for his treatment of nancy and 2 )
enjoy the beating
he receives .
it takes awhile
before loui will reveal nancy 's fate\u0097first ,
he forces albert to do him the favor
of taking his dog to a relative
so someone will care for it in the future .
nancy 's fate of course is that loui finally ended up choking her to death
( but showed some hesitation first
as he made it clear
that he had some 'feeling ' for her ) .
we soon learn
that loui is imprisoned for life for nancy 's murder.what exactly are we to take away from a film such as downloading nancy ?
are we supposed to feel sorry for victim of sexual abuse and domestic violence ?
is that the main point of the film ?
is sympathy for nancy actually warranted ?
i do not think so .
the film 's writer create a straw man in the character of albert\u0097someone
who is so cut off from his emotion
that he is the one
that is held responsible for nancy 's decline .
but are person so one-dimensional in real life ?
i think not .
they have the repulsive loui 
a man
who makes a living by inflicting pain ,
come over and berate albert for neglecting nancy .
furthermore 
his expression of love toward nancy
( before he kills her ) ,
is supposed to show his 'sensitive side'.in the end ,
it matters little whether the filmmaker have defined where their sympathy lie with the various character in the film .
they are so bent on titillating their audience with scene of gratuitous violence ,
that downloading nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in poor taste and soft pornography .
