watching the tenant has been a interesting experience for me .
it is the first film i have ever seen
where i have shuttled at speed through part of the ( non ) action - and i can normally watch anything from turgid action movie to serbo-croat indie
and find them fascinating.the tenant is frustratingly sluggish and over-orchestrated .
one of the main problem of the script is there is little realistic character dialogue ,
apart from the set piece where character 'collide ' in a very structured
setting
( to make this work ,
the film needed to feel more conceptual ,
which it did not ) .
this leads to a lack of realistic character development ;
everyone seems two-dimensional.the worse for this is the character of bill spear 
aka snoop dogg .
i found his characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic .
at one point 
i even stopped the film
because i got so annoyed by the character 's aggressive 
violent and monotonal delivery 
the lack of any other personality layer apart from that of the reactionary `` on '' switch
( which gets really predictable after a while )
and i so desperately wanted him to have some redeeming quality .
however 
one reason for this jar might be the nebulous time scape of the film
( supposedly 70s ,
it feels
and looks more early noughty ) .
if it had been more securely fixed in the 70s ,
his character might have seemed more understandable.the lighting of the film was also awkward .
all the way through 
the soundtrack attempts to provide a certain gritty 
jazz-infused atmosphere
that just did not come off ,
largely because the set was too well-lit.the tenant 
to me ,
is an unbelievable film .
it does not depict real person or propose any interesting way
of thinking about race 
identity or the life of a writer ,
be they white or black.strangely ,
i came away with the feeling
that this project needed david lynch ;
his eerie 
clastrophobic and obsessive look and feel would have lifted both the actor and the script into something quite remarkable .
