movie like this one 
and c.r.a.z.y. 
make me very sad for american film with a gay subject matter .
with the exception of parting glance and brokeback mountain 
there are few other notable american film with the kind of depth and sincerity as this movie 
the bubble .
this movie center on two man 
noam and ashwar 
an israle and palestinian respectively .
their relationship is complicated by the tension between the jew and arab in israel .
couple 
in the early stage of their relationship will struggle with who will call who next ,
or who will say
`` i love you '' first .
noam and ashwar 's early love is complicated by suicide bombing 
armed security check point 
and racism .
while noam 's friend accept and like ashwar ,
who is arab ,
it is clear that most of tel aviv 's citizen probably do not.one of the most touching momants ,
and there are many in this film ,
is when noam and ashwar attend a production of `` bent '' .
we ,
as movie goer 
see them watching this play ,
and the affect
it has on the two of them
is profoundly captured in their eye .
and ultimately 
this touching momant is played out in a very sad way
in the finale of the movie.ohad knoller and youseff 'joe ' sweid are outstanding as noam and ashwar .
director eytan fox is illiant
in creating a cogent and interesting retelling of the shakespeare classic romeo and juliet .
and while most movie today have sex in them ,
( almost as a sport ) ,
this one goes back to the old tried and true version of sex with love and passion combined .
it is so refreshing .
also refreshing is seeing two gay man being portrayed as person and not cartoon .
there are cartoonish character in this movie .
it just does not happen to be the two gay guy for a change .
somewhere on this site i think
i read a comparison between this movie and `` friend '' .
well 
not really .
yes 
these are youthful character stumbling through their first uneasy step into adulthood and relationship .
but i do not recall getting `` blowed up '' as a backdrop to the insipid story line in `` friend '' .this is a very good movie .
it has heart 
and hearteak .
and like all good love story love does win out .
but not in it is intact glory of full bloom .
still 
it is a very satisfying movie to watch .
