this is a low-budget spoof of the espionage genre .
to help frame your expectation ,
you should know that :
( 1 )
the acting is wildly heavy-handed .
the star are having great fun delivering their line with excessive eye movement 
frequent hand gesture 
and off-key pacing .
( 2 )
the script deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility .
oftentime line are auptly jarring and humorous
because they have absolutely no relevance to previous plot element .
( 3 ) shot are frequently framed in off-balance angle 
poking fun at genre excess .
( 4 )
a pop-eyed jeff goldblum deliver complex and classically preposterous dialog in a winningly sarcastic manner.the film has a guiding intelligence ,
deliberately starting with a plot element stolen from the b-film of the 1930 's :
a secret code with a structure
that would defy explanation by carl sagan .
the film 's over-the-top acting is used mostly for comic effect during the first 90 minute .
in an early running gag 
fay grim 's son ned is so frequently told to leave
that you can not help chuckling
while feeling sorry for the lad .
parker posey 's nicely choreographed fall from bed also helps set a humorous tone early in the film.the film 's slow pacing does not enhance the comedy element or the drama element
that later emerge .
the film 's impact as drama is significan notly lessened by the early comedy .
moreover 
it is hard to be overly involved with the character and their fate
when the early portion of the film are so sarcastic .
the musical score is intentionally heavy handed ,
and i found this
( and the off-kilter camera angle )
more irritating than humorous.the over-the-top acting 
the implausible and nearly incomprehensible plot of conspiracy/counter conspiracy ,
and the slow pacing will grind on many viewer .
the movie is much too long at 158 minute.that said ,
fan
who are receptive to the film 's sarcasm
might want to watch again ...
using closed captioning to best catch the intelligent ridiculousness of the dialog .
the film was too slow for me
and the sarcasm felt more heavy-handed than light-hearted .
but 
the comedy may well appeal
to your taste .
the film is worth a view for those
who enjoy independent film 
fan of director hal harley 
or devotee of parker posey
( who has the most camera time ) .
