sandwiched in between san francisco and captain courageous two of spencer tracy 's greatest part is this very curious film about war and the effect
it has on some person .
they gave him a gun stars spencer tracy and franchot tone in the only film
they ever made together and gladys george as the woman
who loves them both.tracy and tone
are a couple of world war i draftee ,
tone is a weak character
who almost goes over the hill in boot camp ,
but tracy stops him .
tracy is still playing the lovable blowhard 
younger wallace beery type
that mgm envisioned for him
when they signed him away from fox .
over at the front tone gets an opportunity
and takes it
when during a fight he manages to get to a church tower
that peer down on a german machine gun nest .
he is learned to shoot by now
and he does a sergeant york .
but alvin c. york was never changed by the war the way tone has.wounded in the fight tone convalesce at a hospital with gladys george
looking out for him .
tracy goes awol himself to visit his pal
and he and george get something going .
later on when tracy is reported missing in action 
tone and george marry .
tracy 's okenhearted
when he comes back
and learn of the marriage ,
but takes sit in stride .
the rest of the film is dealing with tone applying the the wartime skills
he is learned to the gangster trade .
he is a hit-man now
and george does not really know
what he does for a living .
i think
you can figure the rest out.the part of the film
that gave me some trouble
is that i can not believe
gladys george could not figure it out .
she is a street smart girl ,
her part is very much like the one
she played in the roaring twenty opposite jame cagney.speaking of the roaring twenty 
humphrey bogart 's character development
there is similar to tone 's although
he was not the central character of the movie .
in fact there are element of they gave him a gun
that are to be found in taxi driver and in clint eastwood 's classic 
the unforgiven .
the world war i battle sequence are very well staged by director woody van dyke .
for some reason leonard maltin panned this film ,
i think
it is a lot better
than he gave it credit .
