this is not another searing look at the holocaust but rather an intimate story about the event
that took place on a small street in berlin and some of the person
that were involved .
this film starts in the present time in new york city
where ruth weinstein
( jutta lampe )
is in mourning over the death of her husband
and family member have all gathered to her side .
ruth 's daughter hannah
( maria schrader )
slowly learns
that her mother was raised by an aryan woman
named lena fischer
( doris schade )
and so she travels to germany and locates the 90 year old
who tells her about the event on rosenstrasse .
*****spoiler alert*****lena talk about berlin in 1943 where the gestapo would hold all the jewish spouse in a building on rosenstrasse street
even though they are supposed to have immunity for being married to aryan
and for nine day a group of woman would wait outside and shout for their release .
eight year old ruth
( svea lohde )
awaits for her mother to come out
and has nowhere to go
but she meets 33 year old lena
( katja riemann )
who takes her in .
lena 's husband fabian
( martin feifel )
is also inside
and eventually she tries to socialize with nazi officer
to get them to do something.this film
is directed by margarethe von trotta
who is making her first feature film in almost 10 year
after working in television
and while this is clearly not one of her more provocative effort
she remains one of the most revered director in europe .
this is not one of those nazi film
where we view horrible act of inhumanity to jew
although we do see some severe treatment
being issued out
but instead this is more of a retelling of a small event
that meant life and death to the person involved .
this film is not trying to shock anyone or open the door to debate on the circumstance
but what it simply wants to do is just shed a light on a small but true life event
that occurred during an historical period .
part of the film strength comes from its actor
and there are some good performance
that shine through especially by riemann and young lohde
and it is always good to see schrader
( aimee and jaguar )
in a pivotal role .
this is not a great film or something
that is going to change your perspective on wwii
but considering
that innocent life were put to death
because of the event
that took place i
think
that reason alone is important enough to retell this true story .
