contrary to most other commentator ,
i deeply hate this series.it starts out looking interesting 
with mysterious alien and giant robot ,
and i kept my hope up until the very last episode .
at the end of it 
i still did not understand what the alien attack were all about ( maybe i missed something ,
who knows ?
) ,
and realized
that i had sat through 26 episode
consisting mainly of the character ' own self-hating 
selfishness and self-pitying .
it actually flips between alien/robot fight and these dark 
depressing blinking-on-and-off scene
where one or more character can just say or shout `` i hate me/you/it '' 10-12 time in a row.i can not really see either shinji or asuka
( two of the main character )
showing growth or change .
( nor can i see any of the other character learning or growing either ,
for that matter . )
i wanted to kick them
and tell them to get a bloody life during the first episode ,
and the feeling did not change during the last one .
shinji truly possesses the kind of helpless hopelessness
that makes person angry rather than charitable ,
and asuka is such an infuriating know-it-all
that i wanted to smash the tv screen every time
she came into view .
oh 
and more than anyone else 
these two hate everything ,
and say
it veeeeeeeery often.i am otherwise a big fan of anim\u00e9 and manga ,
and never
before have i disliked one so much .
i read
that the series creator/writer wrote this
while suffering from a depression ,
and i can believe that ;
it made me depressed to watch it .
is that the aim of this series ?
i am honetly asking .
is it designed to make the viewer confused and annoyed ?
and if suffering from a depression ,
why just not write a book or biography about it ,
instead of mixing it up with alien and mecha 's ?
this alien war plot ,
as far as i could tell 
lead to absolutely nowhere.finally ,
since i am truly fascinated by how many person claim to love this patchwork of dead-end plot ,
i can not help but wonder how many of them actually find it good ,
and how many say
they do
because they have been told it is .
