film makeover of old tv show seems to be the norm in hollywood these day 
but this disrespectful 
toilet humor 
do-you-kiss-your-mother-with-that-mouth foul language 
rip-off is a blatant middle finger to all duke of hazzard fan both north and south of the mason-dixon line .
from the opening sequence of bo and luke duke making a moonshine run for uncle jesse
( no shine running in the show
because it would put the boy back in jail as a parole violation )
to the closing sequence of uncle jesse smoking weed with the governor of georgia
( uncle jesse was the moral compass
despite his previous moonshining way )
this disappointing waste of film is an open faced insult .
i can not tell you how many parent i saw get up
and remove their child from the theater within the first 15 minute of the movie
when they realized
that they had been horribly deceived .
the original duke of hazzard was a family show with basic moral value .
the original duke of hazzard was a kid safe 
hemi powered 
show of fun
that parent did not have to worry about teaching their kid george carlin 's seven word .
i have read review stating
that the show and the movie are nothing but racist .
those commit might be correct about the movie .
those commit are absolutely incorrect about the show .
the show 
if anything 
was about how to get along
and be friend with anyone .
hollywood has finally come out in the open about their disdain for those of us 
yankee 
rebel 
or otherwise ,
who still believe in honor 
loyalty 
trust 
family ,
and doing the right thing
even if it is not the popular thing .
hollywood has finally ought to light its belief
that those of us in the heartland are stupid 
uneducated 
beer swilling 
foul mouthed 
trash
that will buy any piece of garbage
they are willing to sell .
prove the hollywood elitist
that they are wrong .
do not go see this movie .
boycott the sponsor .
fill warner bros. email and snail mail box with complaint
that we do not appreciate them destroying one of the greatest t.v .
show of all time .
save your money
and buy the dvd 's of the original show ,
but whatever you do do not go see this movie
