this one was marred by potentially great match
being cut very short.the opening match
was a waste of the legion of doom ,
but i guess
the only way
they could have been eliminated by demolition
was a double-dq .
otherwise 
mr. perfect would have had to put in overtime .
kerry von erich 
the i-c champ 
was wasted here .
and this was the third ppv in a row where perfect jobbed .
remember ,
before that he never lost a match.the second match
was very good ,
possibly the best of the night .
ted dibiase and the undertaker were excellent ,
while the jim neidhart had one of his wwf highlight ,
pinning the honky tonk man .
koko b. ware continued his tradition of being the first
to put over a new heel
( remember the big bossman and yokozuna ? ) .
this was a foreshadowing of bret hart 's single career ,
as he came back from two-on-one
and almost survived the match .
he and dibiase put on a wrestling clinic ,
making us forget
that the point of the match was dibiase 's boring feud with dusty rhodes.even
though the visionary were the first team
to have all of its member survive
( and only the second since '87 to have four survivor ) ,
this match was not a squash .
this was the longest match of the night ,
and jake did a repeat of his '88 performance
when he was left alone against four man and dominated .
i think
he could have actually pulled off an upset .
these day 
the match would have ended the other way
around.one of the shortest ss match ever was also one of its most surprising .
possibly the most underrated wrestler ever ,
tito santana was the inspirational wrestler of the night ,
putting on war paint and pinning boris zukhov 
tanaka 
and even the warlord in the final survival match .
it was so strange to see him put over so overwhelmingly ,
then go right back to his mediocre career .
sgt .
slaughter also did well ,
getting rid of volkoff and the bushwhacker ,
but that just was not a surprise .
tito was.i think
the only point of the survival match was to have hogan
and the warrior win together at the end.this show was boring
and the match were too short .
the undertaker 's debut was cool ,
but tito santana is the reason
i will remember this one .
