why is this film so bad ?
well ,
if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny
is a reason ,
then this film is it .
the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst .
the gag are predictable
but that is not what makes it bad .
they are the lame sort of predictable joke
that your unfunny friend would say.corky romano is about a mild mannered vet
that tries to do right
but is so clumsy .
his quiet life is thrown for a loop
when the family
that once spurned him now needs him to infiltrate the fbi
to destroy any trace of the family 's crime history .
however 
it is not that easy for corky because the fbi believes him to be a super agent and pegs him with the duty of spying on his very own family .
mishap and mayhem ensue
but it really does not feel
like any comic hijixn are there .
corky ends up in love with his beautiful fbi partner
and has to set the record straight with both the fbi and his family
if he is to settle down to the quiet life again.i
think
what makes this film irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed joke .
chris kattan reveals his alarming limitation as and actor here
as his one note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minute into the film .
it is okay to have a full movie
based solely off of dumb ,
slap stick humor .
will ferrel 
kattan 's snl partner 
seems to have made a full career out of it .
the only difference between kattan and ferrel is that ferrel knows
when to tone it down
and rely on other way
of telling a joke .
there is absolutely no diversity in kattan 's routine .
it is hard to hear the same joke twice ,
but for a whole movie
that is just pure torture.the other problem with the movie
was the lack of truly original and funny joke .
the gay mafia other 
the awkward guy sch-tick 
and plenty of other forgettable joke appear none as funny
as the first time you barely laughed at it .
it seems
as if the screenwriter had more of a fun time writing this
than any one had watching it .
even with a cast
that has some comedic talent
( chris penn 
peter falk )
the joke
that commence are tired .
there is no chemistry too .
this film was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actor .
no body seemed to care about it 
or even try .
sad thing is 
no body told chris kattan that .
