john van druten 's `` bell 
book and candle '' is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a coven of modern-day witch
living in new york city ;
it was obviously an attractive movie property .
it had a stellar part for gillian holroyd 
for her erstwhile book publisher enforced-sweetheart 
shepherd henderson and her madcap family and circle ,
including shep 's bewildered fianc\u00e9e 
the hateful merle kittredge ,
against whose chance with shep gillian begins her magical spell-casting .
it even had pyewacket 
a siamese cat-familiar with well-timed miaow 
sidney redlitch 
a fake witch expert with atrocious pretension and bad manner .
in short 
it seemed to its producer 
perhaps 
box-office magic .
and so it proved to be .
so many thing were right about its production ,
it only had one element not perfect ;
but i found the rest to be amusing 
charming and very consistently-entertaining .
to begin with ,
the screenplay by daniel taradash kept the best quality of the fine theatrical play
but opened out its scene
to include greenwich village and other area of new york 's scene .
the technical production was beautiful 
with cinematography by the legendary jame wong howe 
a fine score by george duning 
more-than-clever
set by louis diage and gown by jean louis .
in the attractive cast were wolfe barzell 
howard mcnear 
janice rule as merle 
ernie kovacs as redlitch 
jack lemmon as gillia 's mischievous other 
wonderful comedienne elsa lanchester and hermione gingold as fellow witch and lovely kim novak in one of her most touching part as gillian .
jimmy stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment ;
he did well with the comedic portion of his part ,
but he was never convincing as a new york book publisher 
and a bit too-old for the part of henderson anyhow .
but director richard quine used subtle lighting ,
pace change ,
and unusually-composed shot
to indicate the oddness of the witch portion of the film ,
keeping the other portion very luminous but straightforward in their presentation .
the plot 's main crisis in the film comes to pass
when in reality gillian falls for henderson ,
who does not believe in witch at all .
she started out merely to alienate him from his fianc\u00e9e 
her stuck-up college rival .
later ,
when henderson tries to walk out ,
he keeps coming back to her
-- and realizes he is under a spell ,
as she has apologetically tried to explain to him .
..meanwhile 
sidney redlich has been summoned by witching spell
to come to new york
to sell his book to henderson .
of course he knows nothing at all of magic ,
but is quite puzzled and interested to find out why
he had come anywhere at all ;
but gillian 's other enlightens him .
all comes out right in the end in this romantic satire
as gillian proves her love to henderson by losing her power
-- which is what happens to witch
when they truly love a mortal .
of course 
he never really wanted to resist her anyhow .
the film has sprightly dialogue 
charm ,
and a little `` magic '' of its own in the fey charm of the witch and the torment gillian must undergo in her battle with herself ,
and to win the man
she loves .
a lovely ending to this beautifully-photographed and unusual romance makes its amazing realism 
though a fantasy 
just about complete in my view .
memorably delightful .
