`` a damsel in distress '' is definitely not one of fred astaire 's better musical .
but even astaire 's bad film always had some good moments.in `` damsel 
''
astaire is jerry halliday 
an american musical star
who is in london on a personal appearance tour .
he meets lady alice marshmorton
( 19-year-old joan fontaine ) ,
a beautiful english heiress ,
who hops into the back of a cab
he is taking to escape a mob of admirers.jerry believes
that alice is being forced into a marriage by her rich aunt .
he tries to rescue her from her family 's country manor house ,
but soon discover
that the house staff is laying bet
on which suitor lady alice will marry .
kegg
( reginald gardiner )
the conniving butler 
and albert
( harry watson ) ,
the atty house boy 
each take turns alternately helping and sabotaging lady alice 's romance with jerry
to make sure
they win
the bet.this musical has numerous problem .
first 
there is the plot ,
based on a novel by p.g .
wodehouse
( who co-wrote the screenplay ) .
the story is slow 
painful 
and nerve-grating .
when fred is not dancing ,
we have to endure endless annoying scene of ( a )
fred romancing joan fontaine
or ( b )
kegg and albert conniving against them and each other.the butler and the house boy are especially irritating .
they are one-dimensional stock villain character 
the kind of guy
you just want to punch in the mouth .
you wish
they would get off the screen
and let fred dance.astaire suffer in the absence of his usual partner 
ginger roger .
joan fontaine is a lackluster leading lady in this film ,
and is miscast in a musical .
she has little going for her 
character-wise 
other than her lovely face and beautiful smile.george burn and gracie allen are along for the ride 
as jerry 's publicist and his ditzy secretary .
the duo adds some sorely needed chemistry to the plot ,
and gracie has some funny line ,
but she is also very annoying at time.the direction of the movie by george steven is not well done .
at time 
the cinematography is horrible and off-focus .
there are a number of outdoor scene set on extremely foggy street ,
to try to convince the audience
that we are in london 
not hollywood .
( they must have used ton of dry ice in this movie . )
on the plus side 
the song by george and ira gershwin are terrific ,
and have become classic song standard .
and of course 
the dancing in the movie is exceptional 
thank to astaire and his choreographer 
herme pan.but the musical and dance number are ill-used and ill-staged .
at time 
the cast seems to start singing and dancing
because 
well 
it is time for them to start singing and dancing .
the musical number seem randomly inserted into the meandering plot .
( at one point 
the butler step outside the manor house and eaks into an operetta solo for no clear reason . )
the number include :
\uf0b7 `` i am dancing
and i can not be bothered now ''
-- fred dance well on a foggy traffic-filled london street .
he does some great `` cane-twirling '' with a rolled umella
-- but the number ends too soon
when fred jump on a passing double-decker bus .
( in the broadway musical ,
`` crazy for you 
''
harry groener did a much better version of this number with a group of chorus girl .
) \uf0b7 `` put me to the test ''
-- fred 
george 
and gracie do a trio tap dance in an english cottage .
george and gracie match fred step for step ,
but the number ends poorly with everyone kicking each other for no reason.\uf0b7 `` stiff upper lip ''
( the fun house number )
-- at an amusement park fun house 
fred 
george 
and gracie have fun dancing on the revolving floor 
rotating barrel 
and with the fun house mirror .
it is the best number of the movie ,
but it gets a little repetitious at time.\uf0b7 `` thing are looking up ''
-- fred and joan fontaine do their one dance number together in the film 
prancing around the back wood of the country manor estate .
fortunately 
it is a very simple dance number
because joan is not a great dancer.\uf0b7 `` a foggy day in london town ''
-- fred wander around the foggy manor estate at night ,
crooning about the foggy day
when he first met joan in london .
at time 
he looks
as if he is not sure
which way he is going in the fog
-- much like the musical number itself.\uf0b7 `` nice work
if you can get it ''
-- a great song
that is misused in the movie .
during a social event at the manor house 
fred gets drawn into a chorus of dour-faced singer
who are haphazardly singing this song .
each time fred join in 
the other singer look at him
as if
they wish
he would leave .
( again 
harry groener did a better dance number with this song in `` crazy for you . '' )
\uf0b7 `` drum dance number ''
-- as fred and joan are eloping ,
fred has to stop and do one final tap dance number
while banging a group of drum .
as usual 
it is a great dance number .
but there is absolutely no need for it ,
except to prolong the movie.the most contrived moment in the film comes
when fred decide to leap off a high stone balcony at the country estate
in order to prove his love for joan fontaine .
as he leaps from the balcony ,
he finds a conveniently-placed trapeze
-- that is right 
a *trapeze* --
hanging from a nearby tree .
fred
( or rather 
a stuntman in fred 's clothe )
grabs the trapeze and swing to the ground from it.the movie is worth owning on dvd for the dance number alone ,
but you feel indebted to the guy
who invented the fast forward button on your remote .
the > > ff button allows you to skip through the other 
boring scene in the film
to get to the dance number .
