****spoilers**** powerhouse movie
that shows
how man in desperate situation can go so far
as sacrifice their best friend and family member
and not realize what monster
that they are by doing it .
until like in the case of bull-like gypo noland 
victor mclaglen 
it is too much too late.it is 1922 and the hight of the black and tan irish revolt against the mighty british empire with the tan 
british occupying troop 
on the lookout for wanted irish republican rebel frankie mcphillip 
wallace ford 
wanted for the killing of a briish soldier .
gypo a good 
really the best 
friend of the fugitive mcphillip is down on his luck
not having a job with his girlfriend katie 
margot grahame 
forced to turn trick in the dublin red-light district
in order to pay her rent.after an outraged gypo worked over a potential john
who want 's to spend a few hour with katie 
for a shilling or two ,
an angry katie tells the not so ight gyro
that he is preventing her for supporting herself with the only bankable asset
she has 
her body .
katie also tells gypo
that he should wake up to reality
and realize what a desperate situation
that she is in .
telling the mind-numbed gypo
that it would only cost ten pound sterling for her to go to america ,
and get out of the poverty of ireland ,
gypo suddenly remember a poster of his good friend frankie mcphillip
that he just saw announcing a reward of 20 pound sterling .
that enough money for both him and kaite to travel to america.gypo going to a local dublin flop house and soup kitchen
to get a free meal
is startled to run into his friend frankie mcphillip .
frankie tells him
that he snuck into dublin to see both his mother mrs. mcphillip and sister mary 
una o'connor and heather angel ,
and if he can make sure
that everything is safe for him to go home
and later leave for his irish republican unit outside the city.all gypo can see in frankie 's face is the 20 pound sterling reward for him being turned into the police !
without as much of a second thought ,
after he assured frankie
that everything is all right ,
gypo secretly goes to the police and inform on his friend
who 's later shot
and killed in a police and tan shootout in his mom house.with the deed done the chief of police hand over the 20 pound sterling 
much like thirty piece of silver 
to an almost emotionless gypo
who takes it and sneaks out the back door of the police station
so
that one one can see him .
you can see in the police chief 's face and action
that he has nothing but utter contempt for gypo 's betrayal of his friend frankie mcphillip .
even though he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the british empire .
that is how low traitor or informer are held even by those
whom they secretly work
for.gypo
turns out to be his own worst enemy after his betrayal of frankie as his conscience takes control of his mind .
gypo see and hears everyone ,
including his unsuspecting girlfriend katie ,
pointing a finger and implicating him in frankie 's betrayal and death at the hand of the british authority .
gypo 's guilty mind has him getting himself royally and gloriously drunk 
on the reward money ,
that by the time he is forced to to admit his crime to his irish republican army colleague ,
who had the almost dead drunk and slobbering gypo on trial ,
the money was just about gone in his partying drinking and whoring.whatever good feeling ,
if that is possible ,
that you had for the weak minded and strong shouldered gypo was completely demolished when in an act of total desperation ,
in order to keep from getting shot ,
he falsely implicate an innocent man mulligan 
donald meek 
in his crime of informing on his friend frankie mcphillip .
which is quickly exposed as a total faication by non other then the guilt-ridden gypo himself .
the dye is then cast
as straw are drawn for who would be the one
to put a bullet in gypo 's head for the final gut spilling chapter of this heart wrenching and unforgettable crime and punishmant classic .
