finally we have before us a category iii movie for the summer 2006 season .
made of equal part cruelty 
crime and passion ,
dog bite dog benefit not merely from an apt title ,
but also flexible direction 
superb cinematography and respectable performance from most involved .
of course there has to be a catch 
manifested here in the form of several glaring inconsistency ,
yet all told dbd represents the mature spirit
we 'd love to see more of in the hk mainstream.it
also marks the heralded return of edison chen 
long absent since the initial d debacle of a year ago .
chen 's reserved machismo does wonder for the movie ,
yet would have had it rough
without opposite sam lee ,
whose knack for alternating between physical comedy
( crazy 'n ' the city 
no problem 2 )
and lunatic menace has culminated in the strongest role
we have seen from him
since made in hong kong.together ,
the duo makes dog bite dog 
and hopefully edison 's going to get an easier eak from now on as a consequence :
his touch transformed project from princess d to the infernal affair saga ,
and still he remains a rare occurrence.mostly upon commencing 
dbd showcases some mesmerizing imagery ,
playing gorgeous trick with light 
shadow and perspective .
the soundtrack boosts this atmospheric effect ,
adding to the overall unreal mood the film purveys .
much of the resultant combination probably has to do with writer matt chow ,
previously engaged in likewise gruesome three extreme .
dog bite dog retains numerous trait
recalled from that horror project 
namely rundown urbanscape and a pervasive air of something eerie lurking round the corner.rest assured 
though 
this is not a horror movie ,
instead following a path trodden
before by classic one nite in mongkok ,
albeit from a mile more perverse angle .
replacing daniel wu 's reluctant mainland assassin character
we have edison ,
playing a nameless killing machine hailing from cambodia 's underworld .
sent hong kong-way to execute a single target ,
the nearly silent assassin takes care of business immediately upon arrival 
a process chillingly depicted courtesy of the film 's illiant visuals.although weaned from childhood
to become a professional killer ,
edison 's eponymous wild dog still has human weakness
and leaves a trail ,
picked up on by a cid team
sent to investigate .
this assembly features a nice cameo by mob-movie stalwart lam suet ,
and good support from tv star wayne lai .
however 
sam lee 's renegade officer wai leads the charge ,
revealing himself to be a highly disturbed individual but excellent cop nonetheless .
we gradually learn wai 's inner-conflict stem from his father 's police corruption background 
evoking demon handy in the relentless pursuit
that ensues.a minor body count transpire ,
as edison seems to consider taking prisoner a no-no .
there is quite the violence quotient in store ,
even though gore per se feel toned down in place ,
and adult language only makes a token appearance .
once more 
no nudity 
leading one to conclude cat iii 's are being handed these day a bit hastily .
still 
dbd 's a relatively mature theatrical release ,
and we applaud its arrival.in between the fighting 
stabbing 
hacking and shooting ,
even a career murderer need some romance ,
and just like daniel wu had cecilia cheung in one nite ,
so does intrepid mr. chen get a sweetheart ,
done beautifully by new comer pei pei .
her unnamed character
( lot of anonymity in this one )
meets edison 's at a strangely deserted landfill ,
abused by her father to the point of repulsive madness and yearning for escape .
when the killer ditches hk 
he agrees to take her with him ,
and they go on the run together 
love blooming en route .
while the movie does not linger on lovey-dovey stuff ,
our heart go out to pei pei 's tragic character and her endless suffering .
she renders the timid
but valiant protagonist amazingly well ,
establishing
that there are not any good or bad guy here ,
evinced by the highly sobering finale.director cheang soi 's portfolio
includes recent suspense thriller home sweet home and love battlefield with eason chan ,
two number likely surpassed in most account by dog bite dog 's sinister demeanor .
cheang manage to keep dbd flowing throughout ,
and considering the many part in play here ,
stands up to critical standard erected by person like johnny to in his watershed nocturnal epic the mission .
a couple of glitch do come about 
to wit edison miraculously shrugging off a shot to the chest ,
but these are highly forgivable.marking triumphant return for two young 
talented performer of the kind hong kong need
if we want the city 's movie heyday
to come back ,
dog bite dog does not stand out for story .
its forte lies in strong portrayal and style ,
buoyed along on the strength of thespian muscle and a keen eye for visual and auditory finesse.hk has a long 
time-honored tradition of story to do with the city 's nighttime alter-ego ,
something dog bite dog uphold lovingly 
amounting to a solid run if not an outright masterpiece.rating :
* * * *
