`` pet sematary '' is an adaptation from the stephen king novel of the same title .
the story follows the creed - an all american 
middle-class family ,
who move into a house out in the country .
the family consists of louis and rachel 
and their two young child 
ellie and their toddler son 
gage .
the house could not be better ,
and the family meets a strange but friendly old man 
jud ,
who lives across the road .
he leads them down an old path into the wood one day
where a pet graveyard lies - filled with a huge amount of animal grave .
and just beyond there ,
lies a sacred indian burial ground
that seems to possess a strange power .
when the family cat 
church 
is killed ,
louis sees it fit to bury him in the pet cemetery - and strangely enough 
soon after 
church return to life .
but there is something evil about him now ,
he is not the same cat he used to be .
and when a tragic accident takes the life of young gage ,
louis decide to apply the same concept in hope
of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately ,
he gets more
than he bargained for.having read stephen king 's novel ,
i can say
that the book is much better than the film .
not to say
the movie is bad ,
because it is not - the book
is just a little bit better .
the real strength in this film lies in it is story ,
which is both bizarre but extremely original ,
something
that king 's story are typically known for .
the script is very well adapted from the story ,
and
while it minorly differ in some aspect ,
it is a pretty good page-to-screen transformation .
there are a few plot hole here and there 
nothing major though .
besides that ,
this movie is actually pretty scary ,
and it succeeds in it is intention to do so .
there are some really disturbing scene throughout the film ,
and i would have to say
that the flashback sequence of rachel 's sister zelda is the number one .
honestly ,
that is one of the most disgusting ,
disturbing thing i have ever seen in a horror film -
it is not gory and bloody ,
it is just flat out sickening .
one thing 's for sure ,
that image will not leave your head anytime soon.the performance in this film
were all very up to par and i really had no problem there .
this film is actually on the gory side ,
there are plenty of nasty little sequence to please all of the gore hounds out there ,
including the shocker of an ending .
i really liked the way
they ended the film ,
it was aupt and somewhat inconclusive ,
but it worked better that way with all thing considered.overall 
`` pet sematary '' is a good horror movie
that i would recommend to those
who are fan of either stephen king or just fan of the genre in general .
the story is the film 's greatest asset
and it is a creepy one too .
one of the better stephen king adaptation i would say .
7/10 .
