i grew up watching the old inspector gadget cartoon as a kid .
it was like get smart for kid .
bumbling boob can not solve any case
and all the work is done by the walking
talking dog brain and his niece penny .
i had heard
the live action movie was decent so i checked it out at the liary .
i rented this movie for free
and felt
i should have been paid to see this.broderick comes nowhere near the caliber of acting don adam had as the voice of gadget .
his voice was all wrong .
the girl
who played penny
looked nothing like the cartoon penny .
she is unette
where the cartoon version was blonde with pigtail .
but she does do a decent job
given what she had to work with .
dabney coleman gives a good performance as cheif quimby .
saldy he never hid in any odd place
or had exploding message
tossed at him accidently by gadget.the gadget mobile was wrong .
it never talked in the series
and it did fine .
why did they do this ?
gadget was too intelligent in this film .
in the show he was a complete idiot .
here he had a halfway decent intellect .
it would have worked better
if he was a moron.also the completely butchered the catchphrase .
borderick says `` wowser '' .
it is and should always be `` wowser '' .
it sounds lame with out the 's ' .
i got upset
when they showed the preview
and they did not have the correct
phrase.the
only decent gag were during the credit .
the lacky for claw is in front of a support group for recovering henchmen/sidekick .
seated in the audience is mr. t 
richard keil aka jaws of bond movie fame 
a herve villacheze look alike 
oddjob 
kato and more .
this is about the only part i laughed at.the other is at the end
where penny is checking out here gadget watch
and tell ain to say somethin .
don adam voices the dog saying
that `` brain is not in right now .
please leave your name at the sound of the woof .
woof . ''
of course this is not laugh out loud funny ,
just a nice piece of nostalgia to hear adam in the movie .
he should have at least voiced the stupid car.kid will like this ,
anyone over 13 will not .
