i had seen this film many year ago
and it had made a lasting impression on me .
ala 
i have hardened to many film over the year
and did not expect to be impressed by 'kalifornia ' upon
watching again recently .
i am pleased to say
that it is every bit as unnerving and watchable
as it was ten or so year ago.there are two thing
which really give this movie its power .
the first is its cast .
we have a staggeringly disturbing turn by a young brad pitt as early grace .
knowing pitt ,
as we all do ,
as one of the most enduring heart-throbs hollywood has ever had ,
it is refreshing to see him play such a vile 
unattractive character .
pitt pulls the show off
without resorting to white-trash clich\u00e9 or parody ,
and manage to remain genuinely terrifying throughout
the movie.juliette lewis is equally impressive as grace 's tragic girlfriend ,
playing the character like a ten year old girl with a forty year old 's life experience .
lewis manage to evoke pity
( for her character 's station in life )
as well as contempt
( for her naivety ) ,
but she underpins her performance with the kind of subtlety
rarely seen by an actor so young .
personally ,
i think
it is a tragedy
that neither pitt nor lewis were nominated for any award for their performance here.david duchovony and michelle forbe are both perfectly cast as the yuppy couple
who unwittingly end up travelling across the us with pitt and lewis .
duchovony is aptly geeky and naive ,
and forbe seems emphatically cynical and shut-off ,
but both actor manage to convincingly portray their character ' change
as they are equally intrigued 
repulsed and strangely attracted to pitt.the fine casting
and uniformly illiant acting aside ,
this film really grabs us by the proverbial ball through its flawless pacing .
at the time 'kalifornia ' was released ,
hollywood was releasing a slew of nice-character-turns-out-to-be-psychotic movie
( 'single white female ' 
'pacific height ' ,
'the hand
that rocks the cradle ' 
'deceived ' 
'sleeping with the enemy ' etc ) .
most of these movie followed the same formula ,
the only variation being the nature of the relationship between good guy and bad guy .
'kalifornia ' does not really stray too far from this territory ,
but its first two act are the perfect example of the slow-boil thriller ,
and we are kept on the very edge of our seat waiting for the tide
to turn.when the penny does drop ,
and pitt is let loose to play the maniacal bad guy ,
the film shift gear completely and the last twenty minute do not quite live up to rest of the movie .
that said ,
the action is thick and fast
and the resolution is suitable cold .
the fight is over ,
but the scar will always be there.much of the narration
( provided by a somewhat whiny 
pre x-file duchovony )
is a tad contrived .
of course 
it is meant to be from the book the duchovony 's journalist character
has written ,
so one could argue
that the self-conscious narration is meant to be a nod to the kind of sensationalised style
in which most journalist write.the film is largely a success
and is certainly a cut above 90 % of the thriller of the past twenty year .
highly recommended ,
but not for the weak of stomach or mind .
this film is disturbing on more than one level .
but then 
it is meant to be .
