billed as takashi miike 's `` first family film ''
- by person
who have not seen zeaman 
presumably .
yokai daisenso takes thing even further in the direction of family-friendliness ,
diluting the darkness and cynicism
to create a grand fantasy fairy tale .
a young boy is chosen by fate
to save the world from monster and horror
of which they remain largely unaware .
the film is evidently bigger budget than anything
else miike has done ,
with lot of cgi
to create fantasy world
populated by odd creature
( the yokai ) .
perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investor ,
but i think
it is probably just that he wanted to do something different .
he is really never been a one-trick pony ,
but often gets accused of it - perhaps yokai is designed to silence those critic .
regardless 
it is a great project for miike to channel his boundless imagination
and invention into.there is a very cartoonish feel to the production ,
evoking thought of miyazaki in place .
the yokai are based on an old series of comic
that were in turned based on japanese folk tale ,
which certainly influenced miyazaki as well
( particularly spirited away ) .
it must remembered
that miike has nothing like the budget of a harry potter film
to work with ,
so the special effect are not going to be seamless hollywood style work -
some blue-screening is especially obvious .
some of the special effect are great though 
with some very well animated creature
( a mix of cg 
stop-motion and puppetry ) .
i think
the little sock-puppet
that follows the hero around for much of the film
was *meant* to look really cheap ,
and is all the cuter for it : )
the young lad
who plays the hero of the film
does a really good job -
it is so hard to find a pre-teen
who actually understands the concept of acting ,
but 9 year old ryunosuke kamiki is a genuine talent
( i see
he did voice in the last 2 miyazaki film ! ) .
chiaki kuriyama is delicious as the villainess of the piece ,
though mai takahashi made an even greater impression
as the pixie-eared river princess - yum yum !
those
looking for another violent ,
perverted gangster film are not going to find what they are looking for in yokai ,
but if you are a fan of miike
because of his imagination and wit ,
there is plenty to satisfy here .
and it has the added bonus
that you can happily put it on whatever company you have got : )
