it is not as great a film
as many person believe
( including my late aunt ,
who said
it was her favorite movie ) .
but due to the better section of this film noir ,
particularly that justifiably famous `` fun house '' finale ,
the lady from shanghai has gained a position of importance beyond it is actual worth as a key to the saga of orson welle ' failure to conquer hollywood.by 1946 welle ' position
as a hollywood figure was mixed .
citizen kane was not recognized as the great movie
it has since been seen as due to the way
it was attacked by the hearst press and by hollywood insider themselves .
welle ' attempt at total control
( direction and production and acting )
of his movie seemed to threaten the whole system .
his best job in this period was as edward rochester in jane eyre ,
supposedly shot by robert stevenson ,
but actually shot in large measure
( with stevenson 's blessing )
by welle .
but the credit went to stevenson .
only the stranger 
a film
benefiting from a postwar interest in fleeing nazi war criminal ,
made a profit .
for five year in hollywood it was barely a great record.welle
returned to broadway in 1946 ,
hoping to recapture his critical ability by his production of around the world in 80 day .
but despite the assistance mike todd 
and cole porter composing the score ,
the musical was a failure .
his failure occurred just at the same time
that his wife 
rita hayworth 
was on the rise with her portrayal of gilda .
so the marriage was going on the rock
as well.welle had to make money
- his broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy .
he sold his interest in the possible movie right
to around the world to todd
( which he would eventually rue ) ,
and he also sold the idea of a film about the career of henri desire landru to charlie chaplin ,
who was supposed to be directed in it
( and who turned it into monsieur verdoux )
.the story goes
that welle 
with a $ 10,000.00 tax bill
to worry about ,
called cohn and offered to do a film with rita for a down payment .
cohn was willing to do so ,
but naturally asked what the film was .
it was a wise question .
welle was on a pay phone in new york in a pharmacy
that had a book department .
he grabbed a book with the title
the lady from shanghai 
and raved
that it was a great thriller .
somehow welle convinced the normally astute cohn
that welle knew
what he was talking about .
cohn said
he had look into getting the right ,
and sent welle his down-payment of $ 10,000.00 .
after cohn hung up welle bought the book
and read it -
and found
it was really pretty bad .
he spent time rewriting a treatment and screenplay
that would build up rita 's character of elsa bannister.certainly
it has a curious plot development .
michael o'hara is a seaman/longshoreman .
he rescues elsa bannister ,
when she is apparently attacked by gangster in a park in san francisco .
elsa is married to arthur bannister
( everett sloane )
a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation .
she convinces him to hire michael as the skipper of their yacht .
the cruise also contains bannister 's sinister partner george grisby
( glenn ander )
and one sidney broome
( ted de corsia )
who turns out to be a detective
hired by bannister to watch elsa .
when they can michael and elsa try to find time together ,
but broome or grisby keep showing up.grisby makes michael an offer -
he wants
( for reason connected to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society )
to drop out of it ,
pretending to be dead .
according to grisby
( the plot becomes murky here )
he can still collect his life insurance
( although dead ? )
and use it to run off to the south sea .
he will pay michael $ 10,000.00
if he will pretend to shoot grisby .
this includes actually signing a document
admitting to the murder
( michael does not realize
that such an admission would wipe out the need
to produce a corpse
if all the other evidence suggests
that grisby is probably dead )
.of course grisby is killed ,
and michael is arrested for that 
and for the murder of broome
( shot with michael 's gun ) .
michael is tried with bannister defending him ,
and discover
that the latter is doing a second rate job
because he wants michael to be convicted .
michael is convinced
that bannister is the actual murderer ,
and manages to escape just before the jury verdict .
he is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival ,
and this leads to the famous `` fun house '' sequence and the conclusion of the film.it is a terribly confusing movie
( as i have had commented on ) .
that does not mean it is not worth
seeing -
visually it is striking .
witness the fight between michael and the police in the trial judge 's quarters ,
where he knocks the bailiff into the judge 's bookcase 
shattering glass .
or the clever use of photography
to capture hayworth diving from a rock ,
reflected on the lecherous grisby 's binoculars.the acting is pretty good 
in particular sloane
( possibly that fine actor 's best film role ) .
glenn ander was a leading broadway performer .
he rarely made movie before the lady from shanghai ,
and his slimy grisby is unforgettable .
also ted de corsia does very nicely with broome - a detective
who is really looking for his own interest 
to his own cost.as for hayworth ,
she turns in a performance
that was unlike most of what she had done before
( blood and sand 
tale of manhattan ,
and the strawberry blond are exception ) ,
and is a memorable siren .
welle ' o'hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a likable but naive man
who learns the hard way
not to believe
what he secretly wants to believe .
it is not kane 
ambersom 
othello 
touch of evil 
or chime at midnight ,
but it is a good film for all that .
