i still have grainy 
late night 
no-cable 
cheap vhs dubs of this show from waaaaaayyyy back when 
late-night-commercial and all ,
when i would stay up to whatever weird hour
they would slap this show on
-- just so i could tape it.the series was not really about freddy kreuger -
only the first couple of episode actually involved him as anything but a rod serling-esquire announcer .
instead 
each episode was a distinct nightmare ,
using the traditional horror theme of horrific childhood 
dating 
cannibalism 
dating 
money 
death 
dating 
and ... hmm ... dating.from the episode where a teenage boy accidentally says
`` i will love you forever '' to the wrong girl ,
and is stuck with her ( literally 
at least for a moment 
they grow together ... ) 
to the one where a young stewardess goes home with a strange man ,
only to find herself in his cabin ,
where he has a trophy room full of other stewardess ,
and one i only vaguely remember
which compared blind date to hockey
( and the injury and penalty
that go with it )
- dating was definitely the scariest thing in the series.one episode had jeffrey comb
( re-animator 
etc . )
as a motivated pizza merchant with a tasty new secret ingredient .
not original ,
but still creepy and fun ... .even so ,
some of the episode were great .
my personal favorite was `` it is a miserable life ''
where a young man is trapped working in his parent ' burger joint ,
when he wants to go off to college .
stuck talking to himself and doing little puppet show with old cheeseburger - until one late night
when a weird guy comes through the drive through
and suddenly his life is not the same .
no 
not freddy 
just a thug with a gun - turns out the whole mind-blowing episode is just that - the last thought
that pass through the kid 's head ... along with a bullet.the second half of the same episode
( many of the freddie 's nightmare episode were essentially two vaguely connected short story )
followed his girlfriend ,
who was also wounded ,
but not killed in the drive-by ,
and who is taken to `` the hospital from heck '' -
they cram in all the most creepy hospital nightmare clich\u00e9s ,
and then some - from accidentally having your mouth sewn shut - or waking up during an operation -
to having your dead boyfriend try
and lure you into the morgue for a little cuddle.again ,
that was my favorite.some of the episode were much dumber ,
like almost all of the one they have made available on video .
they put the crummy one out as representative of the series ,
and then nobody likes them ,
thinks the show stunk ,
and then they do not put any more on video .
it is a miserable life
is only available on pal dvd in england -
but i am still gon na buy it .
