'1408 ' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactic .
the kind
that might make date-movie styled horror fan occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear ,
but disappoint audience
searching for a little depth and direction.john cusak plays a writer
who 's made a career of writing book
describing his experience of staying in rumored haunted hotel .
despite assurance by patron and owner
that ghost roam the hall ,
there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal .
when he learns of the history of room 1408 at the overlook hotel
-- no wait 
i mean 
dolphin hotel in new york city --
he decides
it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book .
but 
samuel l. jackson ,
playing the hotel owner ,
strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocity
that have occurred in theat room
since the hotel 's opening many year ago .
the story is simple
and we ,
as possible skeptic ,
must sit through jackson 's lengthy foreshadowing ramble .
in other word : be afraid !
be very afraid ! of course ,
it would be easy to convince audience
that they have just paid to see an edge-of-the-seat thriller
if it did not take so long
to build up to this point .
and also ,
if what followed was a lot more than cheap `` boos ''
that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually ,
you might soon expect them .
the temperature in the room changes automatically .
the wall drip with blood .
the fearless writer can not open the door 
etc .
and after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these
to audience promised big thrill ,
you might sit and hope
that at least you can be wowed by the ending .
with suspicion of dream sequence and other derivative time-waster ,
even that fails to quell our doubt
that before the movie is over ,
we might finally have something
to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable.despite grand performance
( as always )
by cusak ,
who essentially is the entire film ,
most everyone else of note is wasted
( i.e .
samuel l. jackson )
in insignifican not minor role .
the true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating .
ballot-stuffing ghost ?
