sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film is a signal of its greatness .
i remember
the nervous laughter from the audience in the re-release of the excorcist really nervous laughter .
it punctuated just how freaked out we all were watching the voice of satan coming out of a 12 year old girl .
in the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic the wicker man however 
it made me think
that this new wickerman is about as scary as the south park character 
scuzzlebut 
the friendly forest monster with tv 's patrick duffy for a leg and a celery stalk for an arm
who 's favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets.3 year ago a friend of mine in hollywood
told me
that he heard
that nicola cage was going to do a remake of the film .
i started laughing and my friend
( keith )
got mad at me touting nicola cage as a great actor .
i just did not think
that he could pull it off and unfortunately for moviegoer i was right .
gone is the realness 
the outstanding original music 
the originality 
the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue .
instead we have horror movie clich\u00e9s ,
affected acting and change to the storyline
that make any believability fall apart .
like many of the countless hollywood remake we have been inundated with lately this feel
like we are watching 4th grader on a playground `` playing wickerman '' .the original film takes place on a remote scottish isle
where a scottish police officer is lured there to find a missing young girl
named rowan morrison .
in the new spin a california cop
( cage )
is lured to an island of the coast of washington state by his ex-girlfriend
to find her missing daughter .
she sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl
he tried to save in a fiery crash not long ago .
the crash still haunts him in part
because the girl 's body was never found .
yet even after he gets a letter with her picture in it that connection is completely cast aside
as he heads north 
alone ,
to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter .
he arrives to find an island full of actor pretending
to be the descendant of wiccan ,
many of whom seem like
they did not get call back for role in the village .
and like the village it is not long
before you realize
there is nothing to be afraid of here .
not even the cloudy eyed blind sister
who speak in unison.i
think
that the opportunity in hollywood
to make great amount of money on a film
often comes at great expense to the artistry .
i think
someone like nicola cage
who is in so many film these day
loses touch with the magic
that film can be
when it gets to the point
where he has a personal chef on the set
preparing his snack .
we needed a bad re-make of the wickerman
like we needed yet another '9-11 ' movie .
i am starting to wonder
if nicola changed his surname from coppola
because he wanted to or because
he was pleaded with to do so .
