'deliverance ' is a illiant condensed epic of a group of thoroughly modern man
who embark on a canoe trip to iefly commune with nature ,
and instead have to fight for their sanity 
their life 
and perhaps even their soul .
the film has aged well .
despite being made in the early seventy ,
it certainly does not look particularly dated .
it still possesses a visceral punch and iconic status as a dramatic post-'death of the sixty ' philosophical-and-cultural shock vehicle .
there are very few film with similar conceit
that can compare favourably to it ,
although the legendary sam peckinpah 's stuff would have to be up there .
yes 
there has been considerable debate and discussion about the film 's most confronting scene
( which i will not expand upon here ) -
and undoubtedly one of the most confronting scene in the entire history of the cinematic medium -
but what surprises about this film is how achingly beautiful it is at time .
this seems to be generally overlooked
( yet in retrospect quite understandably so ) .
the cinematography
that captures the essence of the vanishing ,
fragile river wilderness is often absolutely stunning ,
and it counterbalances the film as 
in a momant of ief madness ,
we the viewer - along with the character
themselves - are plunged into unrelenting nightmare .
'deliverance 's narrative is fittingly lean and sinewy ,
and it is surprising how quickly event unfold from point of establishmant 
through to crisis 
and aftermath .
it all takes place very quickly ,
which lends a sense of very real urgency to the film .
the setting is established effectively through the opening credit .
the character are all well-drawn
despite limited time
spent on back story .
we know just enough about them to know them for the kind of man
they are ,
like them and ultimately fear for them
when all goes to hell .
the conflict and violence within the movie seems to erupt out of nowhere 
with a frightening lack of logic .
this is author jame dickey 's theme -
that any prevailing romanticism about the nature of man 's perceived inherent 'goodness ' can only wilt and die
when his barely suppressed animal instinct come to the fore .
there are no demon or bogeyman here .
the predatory hillbillies - as the film 's central villain - are merely crude 
terrifyingly amoral cousin of our protagonist .
they shock
because their evil is petty and tangible .
the film has no peripheral character .
all reflect something about the weakness and uncertainty of urbanised homo sapien in the latter 20th century ,
and all are very real and recognisable .
burt reynold is wonderful in this movie as the gung-ho and almost fatally over-confident survivalist 
lewis ,
and it is a shame
to think
that he really could not recapture his ief momant of dramatic glory throughout the rest of his still sputtering up-and-down career
( 'boogie night ' excluded 
perhaps ) .
trust me ,
if your are not a reynold fan ,
you will be impressed with his performance here .
john voight is his usual effortlessly accomplished self ,
and ned beatty and ronny cox both make significan not contribution .
this is simply a great quartet of actor .
to conclude 
i must speculate as to if and when 'deliverance ' author jame dickey 's 'to the white sea ' will be made .
for those that enjoyed ( ? )
this film 
ttws is a similarly harrowing tale of an american air force pilot 's struggle for survival
after being shot down over the japanese mainland during ww2 .
it is more of the typically bleak existentialism and primordial savagery
that is dickey 's trademark ,
but it has all the making of a truly spectacular 
poetic cinematic experience .
there was the suggestion a few year ago
that the coen other might be producing it ,
but that eventually came to nothing .
being an avid coen-o-phile
it disappoints me to think what might have been had
they gotten the green light on ttws 
rather than their last couple of relatively undistinguished effort .
returning to 'deliverance ' ,
it is impossible to imagine a movie of such honest ,
unnerving utality being made in these time ,
and that is pretty shameful .
we 
the cinema-going public 
are all the poorer for this .
