do not get me wrong .
`` goldeneye '' was revolutionary
and is definitely the best fps game
to be based on the 007 franchise .
but the series had fallen into a fps rut .
enter `` everything or nothing '' ,
which puts bond in third-person .
when i wrote my earlier review for `` from russia with love '' ,
i had finished frwl
and just started eon
and judged eon a bit harshly .
even though frwl definitely has the edge in nostalgia
and capturing the essence of the movie franchise ,
eon definitely is superior in term of in-depth control and gameplay variety .
mission range from standard running-and-gunning
to driving an suv ,
driving an aston martin ,
driving a limousine
that is wired to explode ,
commandeering two different type of tank a la `` goldeneye '' ,
riding a motorcycle ,
flying a helicopter ,
repelling down a shaft guarded by laser tripwire ,
and free falling after a plummeting damsel .
sure 
vehicle control are a little clumsy ,
but the issue here is the variety.as movie adaptation ,
`` goldeneye '' and frwl were all
that i could have hoped for .
but eon 's original storyline adds to the feeling
of controlling a jame bond adventure .
this is helped by the impressive cast list of willem defoe 
shannon elizabeth 
heidi klum 
and misaki ito .
judi dench and john cleese reprise their movie role of m and q 
respectively 
and pierce brosnan ,
while no sean connery ,
adds credibility to the game 's proceedings .
all character resemble the star 
with the disappointing exception of heidi klum ,
who 's in-game model does not do the real-life model justice .
mya 's theme song is on par with at least some of the big screen
bond title tunes.the game also plays tribute to some of the older bond movie .
willem defoe 's character is a former colleague of christopher walken 's baddie from `` a view to a kill '' .
richard kiel appears as jaws 
the hulking henchman from `` the spy
who loved me ''
and `` moonraker '' in three fight scene ,
the first and best of which proceed in the same fashion a fight in the movie would have.single-player gameplay mainly consists of standard on-foot mission as bond .
like bond 
you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with gun blazing .
the game provides plenty of opportunity to utilize stealth 
with plenty of wall and object cover .
unfortunately 
unlike frwl 
only one button in eon control both crouching and wall clinging ,
so bond may end up crouching low
when he is supposed to be peeking around a corner 
and vice-versa .
the game also allows player to go into `` bond reflex '' mode .
while you owse your inventory ,
everything around you will go into super slo-mo ,
allowing you to analyze object around you
that can be interacted with .
while this takes some getting used to ,
eventually this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular `` bond moment '' ,
such as shooting down a chandelier
to take out four goon underneath ,
and greatly add to the bond movie feeling.there are 3 available difficulty level :
operative 
agent 
and double oh .
on operative 
you can eeze through in a few hour .
on agent 
a few week .
on double oh 
a few month .
the difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission .
garnering high score on mission will unlock gold and platinum award
and effect feature such as vehicle upgrade
and the skimpy outfits the bond girl wear .
some mission can be extremely frustrating due to a scarcity of checkpoint ,
but
when all is said
and done 
no mission is any longer than a single action scene in a bond movie.multi-player 
unfortunately ,
is not as thrilling .
`` goldeneye '' still has the best multi-player mode of any bond game .
eon 's main multi-player is a co-op campaign mode
that puts player in charge of lesser mi6 agent on a less important mission than bond 's .
a more standard third-person death match can be unlocked from this mode .
but the single-player mode is the most complete bond experience to date .
the ending 
as with most bond game 
is anticlimactic .
while the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game ,
the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing .
also 
level
that require bond to be speedy become largely a matter of trial and error .
still 
for any serious bond fan ,
not playing this game
is tantamount to missing one of the bond film .
