this is an entertaining `` history '' of the fbi ,
but it should be viewed as fiction ,
because that is exactly what it is .
what else could it be
when j. edgar hoover personally approved
and had a cameo role in the production .
jame stewart is excellent 
as usual ,
and the supporting cast 
except for the talentless vera mile 
is good .
murray hamilton is especially good in a supporting role as stewart 's partner and best friend .
the fbi accomplishment
that the film highlight are undoubtedly all true .
what is significan not is what it leaves out.one of the most shameful part of the film is the depiction of the killing of john dillinger .
it is portrayed pretty much as it happened ,
but no mention at all is made of melvin purvis 
the chicago bureau chief
who headed the operation .
instead 
the operation is depicted
as if the fictional chip hardesty were running it .
it has been said
that hoover was jealous of the publicity
that purvis received
after dillinger was killed ;
purvis was subsequently transferred to a remote outpost ,
and shortly afterward left the fbi .
this is no doubt
why purvis was never mentioned in the film .
but this viewer 
at least 
paused to think
that if purvis was treated this way ,
what about all the agent
who conducted all the other operation
depicted in the film .
were they also completely ignored
and replaced by the fictional hardesty.the film is probably accurate in its portrayal of fbi activity up through the end of wwii .
however 
after that point 
the film would have us believe
that the only threat
facing the us
came from international communism ,
which is no doubt what hoover believed .
never mind the mafia .
never mind the lynching
that were still going on in the south .
never mind
that black were being intimidated to keep them from voting in much of the south .
i do not know
if the fbi had started wiretapping martin luther king by the time this film
was made 
but if not 
it was not very long afterward
that it started.as i said at the outset ,
this is pretty good entertainment ,
but it should be viewed as the sanitized fictionalization
that it is .
