an actor asks 
`` what is my motivation ? 
''
to understand his or her character .
after viewing this this `` docudrama 
'' this vague and haphazard farce 
a viewer wonders
what anyone 's motivation was.this inept offspring of daytime t.v .
( the oprah show )
missed by a mile a great opportunity
to explore weighty issues.it character
were all shallow and superficial 
its story line far less socially redeeming than a `` simpson '' episode .
it gratuitously portrayed investigating police as unprofessional and incompetent .
it failed to offer why the court might treat the main character 
a female child molester 
so differently
than it would have a male perp.why did this unrepentant woman
begin `` grooming '' her second grade student ,
beginning an affair with him
when he returned to her sixth grade class ?
why did the boy 's mother testify in her behalf ?
the simple answer is overwhelming narcissism 
plus generational rationalization and greed .
the movie gave no hint of that.why was not the viewer informed
that the victim 's mother sold interview right
to print and television tabloid ,
parading her adolescent son on `` the today show '' ?
that mary kay 's lawyer cashed in ,
she herself appealing a `` son of sam '' statute
so she could benefit from her crime
by selling her story to the highest bidder ?
why was not it explained
that letourneau 's father was a former right wing republican congressman 
the 1972 american independent presidential candidate 
the john birch society president ?
in 1983 john schmitz 's political career ended
when he was found to have had child by his own community college student 
exposed
only when that mistress sexually mutilated their infant son ?
yet letourneau 's dad had removed his many kid from `` too liberal '' catholic school ,
fighting to keep all schoolchild from receiving any sex education ?
a month after her conditional release ,
again pregnant with the now 14-year-old 's second daughter ,
mary kay received 7 1/2 year in prison for numerous probation violation .
a prophetic editorial
regarding the sad affair
then appeared in the seattle time :
`` at the end of two wretched hour 
letourneau was led off to jail ,
and this salacious melange of made-for-tv seaminess was over ,
until casting begin .
`` sure enough 
18 month later ,
filming of this travesty was underway .
