there is one detail ,
which is not very common for jackie chan movie ,
but which is present here .
it has some very tough and serious atmosphere
about it while the funny element are present too .
jackie is menacing and psychotic here .
he is not a hero
who is attacked
and only then fight back
( in a usual laid-back pattern ) ,
but he is the one
who can go
and start the tumult .
his manner of hitting
that evil guy in the glass is amazing .
every time it goes `` crack ! `` .
i also especially enjoy the scene
when jackie goes to the pub and thrashes the villain
who had fronted on his girlfriend .
it is one of the best blitzkriegs put on screen .
besides 
the whole scene is shot with the background of some action character
painted on the wall
( it also looks like a poster of `` rabochiy '' from our soviet era )
and some line in russian on the left
( i noticed
that quite accidentally ) .
that looks terrific
( and nostalgic for russian person ) .
i also like
when the window are being smashed in the movie .
here there is a lot of this stuff .
it is quite amazing watching the character falling/jumping/running/driving through all manner of panes.all three movie are great .
i had been preparing myself to see the down-slide of the quality
but i saw a perfect trilogy with sense and incredible stunt
( and not only jackie chan 's character appears in all three movie -
that is also excellent
and keeps continuity up )
.i would like to describe each movie just in a few word :
no.1 - great
( in all aspect - it is one gripping story from the very beginning to the very end ) and funny ( many scene are ridiculous ) ;
no.2 - raging
( jackie is really *beep* off here )
and painful
( jackie gets tortured ) ;
no.3 - unbelievable
( the woman
that fight alongside with jackie
is incredible ) and bombastic
( should i mention a lot of gun and explosion ?
)
.as to the rest - much has been mentioned by the others.it is a trilogy
that can be watched over and over again
( at least by me ) .
its place is in top 10 among action/comedy jewel .
finally it is been released in russia on dvd
( the 2nd film has the best option
- the chinese/russian soundtrack and english/russian subtitle )
.solid 10/10 .
thank you for attention .
