houseboat horror is a great title for this film .
it is absolutely spot-on ,
and therefore the only aspect of the film
for which i can give 10/10 .
there are houseboat ,
there is horror ,
there is even horror that takes place on houseboat .
but if there were ever a tagline for the film poster ,
it would surely be 'something shonky this way
comes ... ' for houseboat horror is easily the worst australian horror film i
have ever seen ,
not to mention one of the worst horror film i have ever seen ,
and a fairly atrocious attempt at film-making in general .
the good news is ,
it is so bloody awful ,
it sails straight through the zone of viewer contempt into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity .
it is worth watching *because*
it is bloody awful.the category of 'worst ' comes not from the storyline 
for the simple reason
that there actually is one :
a record producer 
a film crew and a rock band drive up to the mystifyingly-named lake infinity 
a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in victoria
( in reality lake eildon )
to shoot a music video .
someone is not especially happy to see them there and 
possibly in an attempt
to do the audience a favour ,
starts picking them off one by one with a very sharp knife .
even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivor to actually notice this ,
on the surface 
it looks like a very bog-standard b-movie slasher .
you have got highly-annoying youth 
intolerant elder 
creepy local
( one of whom 
a petrol station attendant ,
would easily win a gurning competition ) ,
and let 's face it ,
my description of the murderer could easily be jason voorhee .
ah ,
but if only the acting and production value were anywhere near as good as the comparative masterpiece
that was friday the 13th part vii .
unfortunately 
houseboat horror is completely devoid of both these things.but in the end ,
this only makes what you do get so ridiculous and amusing .
fan of one-time 'late show ' and 'get this ' member tony martin will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gem
( 'check out the view ...
you will bar up !
' ) ,
while the actual song
to accompany the music video is so bad
it has to be heard to be believed - i
can not help wondering
if writer/director ollie wood hoped
it would actually become a hit .
the horror element is comparable i think to b-slasher of the genre and particularly of the period ,
but there were time
when i could not help imagining someone biting into a hamburger off-screen
and seeing a volley of tomato sauce sprayed at the wall on-screen.indeed ,
if you have been listening to tony martin recommending this film as hilarious rubbish like myself ,
i do not think
you will be disappointed .
any fan of 'so-bad-it is-good ' horror should not pass up the opportunity .
whether you will 'bar up ' or not though is another matter .
if 
on the other hand 
you are in search of genuine excellence in the australian horror genre ,
get yourself a copy of the incomparable 'long weekend '
and do not look back .
