the first in the series was illiant 
easily one of the best horror film of all time .
this is the crappiest .
when i sat down to watch this ,
i was actually thinking
that
how bad the fourth and fifth one were ,
this would have to be good after the previous terrible one .
boy was i wrong .
incredibly wrong.when i watched the first ten minute of it ,
i was actually really tempted to turn it off ,
but i thought no ,
maybe it will improve .
it did not.not only is this just a dire film by itself ,
it did not need another sequel ,
because the last two ( fourth and fifth )
had already been terrible enough !
also 
how many time can you ing freddy back ! ?
the acting in it was terrible ,
the story-line was predictable and crap
and it also had flaw in it as well .
the way
they made springwood
was just totally wrong .
pays no respect to the first one at-all .
to add to this ,
the whole thing seemed really over-the-top.some person
are saying
that this film was `` funny '' .
this film is not `` funny '' at all .
since when is freddy krueger supposed to be `` funny '' ?
i would call it funnily crap .
this film is supposed to be a horror film 
not a comedy .
if freddy had a daughter ,
would not that information have surfaced like in the first one ! ?
the ending was also just plain stupid and cheesy ,
exactly like the rest of it .
this one completely destroys the essence and uniqueness of the first one .
just shows itself up.such a shame
that wes craven
created something so good in the beginning ,
yet it has to be dragged down
because of this trash that belongs in the bin .
they should not have even bothered making this film .
nor any of the other sequel 
except the third one .
the third one 's the only decent one out of all
the sequel.if this was a dvd by itself and not part of the nightmare on elm street dvd set
that i got ,
i would have chucked it out
when i got it.summary :
a pathetic and poor attempt at a sequel.- a complete mockery of the first film so please ,
do not waste your time on this worthless junk .
