caution :
may contain spoiler ...
i have seen this movie 3 time
and i have liked it every time .
upon seeing it again ,
i am always reminded of how good it is .
an hbo tv movie- very well done like most of their movie are- this would 've gotten oscar
for it is performance had
it been released for general distribution instead of made for tv.as i am
sure
anyone knows from reading other review here ,
this is the story of serial murderer 
andrei chikatilo .
he murdered 56 person over 8 year in the former soviet union .
( 3 victim were buried
and could not be found
so he was only convicted of 52 out of 53 of his murder . )
the story actually focuses more on the forensic analyst ,
victor burakov played to perfection by stephen rea .
a man
that becomes tortured
and obsessed with finding this killer
despite the additional obstacle
placed by party hack ,
his part is essential to be sure .
there is a very touching scene towards the end of the movie
that mentions how in america ,
investigator are routinely taken off serial killer case after 18 month whether they want to or not due to the mental strain and frustration .
according to this acct ,
burakov worked for over 5 year
before getting his first eak from it .
he followed the case to its conclusion 
3 year later .
in this scene 
his superior 
general fetisov ,
played by donald sutherland ,
actually tells him
he admires his dedication and apologize for not knowing
he should have given him a eak sooner.rea 's performance is so well done ,
he does not overact ,
chew up the scenery or do anything
that distracts from his portrayal of a man
who is hell bent on finding his killer .
he is a man with passion ,
but does not show it in the same manner
as is so usually portrayed in detective movie .
he only occasionally gives outburst
after quietly putting up with more than most could stand under such circumstance .
rea does so much with his face ,
his eye 
he does not need to overact .
he just *is* - his character ,
so frustrated after so long 
at one point ,
driven to frustration ,
he actually says
he had rather find 3 at one time than none in a year .
of course what he means is not that
he wants more person to die ,
he just wants some clue
to catch this man .
rea makes us feel for this man .
he makes us understand
but a glimpse of what it is to live with such horror and futility.a mutant
to be sure ,
chikatilo 's childhood was one
which produces such `` monster . ''
the character of chikatilo is very well done by jeffrey demunn .
he somehow
( impossible
though it may seem )
elicits some modicum of sympathy for himself .
perhaps he is the worst of us gone terribly wrong ?
either way 
his performance is very well done.donald sutherland as colonel fetisov
( later promoted to general )
also does a great job .
he starts out seeming
to be a cynical worldly official
that does not seem much more interested in helping the investigation than anyone else blocking burakov .
but he eventually becomes more than just an assistant ,
he actually actively participates in helping burakov .
there is also a very nice turn by max von sydow as the psychiatrist ought
in to help profile
and figure out what kind of deviant they are looking for.although this movie deals with a morbid 
grotesque and violent story ,
it really is more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself .
all around a very well done movie with fine performance and a great screenplay .
the screenplay manages to do what the best of this type of movie does :
give factual event
and place them meaningfully inside a dramatic framework
that makes you feel
like you know
the person *behind* the facts.9/10 star
