it is very hard to rate this film .
as entertainment value for 21st century viewer ,
it fails miserably .
however 
for the student of early sound film and history 
it is a jewel .
`` show of show '' was a revue filmed
to compete with mgm 's successful `` hollywood revue of 1929 '' ,
which still survives intact complete with its technicolor scenes.the purpose of the all-star revue was to showcase a particular studio 's silent star in speaking role ,
and show
that they could make the transition .
however 
warner bros. seems to have forgotten this
and employs many act and star
that they did not even have under long-term contract such as ben turpin 
lloyd hamilton 
beatrice lillie 
and even a marching band .
meanwhile 
their biggest talent
- al jolson -
is noticeably absent .
even at a high salary he could not be compelled to join in .
almost every act is overly long
and the film play like a dozen or so vitaphone short strung together with no continuity .
the finale is also overly long ,
but it is really enjoyable with all of its dance number.the highlight of the film are two number from winnie lightner
- `` pingo pongo '' and `` singin in the bathtub '' 
a couple of number with nick lucas 
john barrymore performing shakespeare 
and the chinese fantasy `` li po li '' with nick lucas and myrna loy .
this last number is the only part of the film
that survives in technicolor ,
and it really is quite attractive .
reasonably enough 
the player in these good act were long-term warner bros. star
so perhaps the director knew how to play to their strength
since he was familiar with them.this film act as a snapshot at an odd point in film history
- the year 1929 ,
which was the idge year between two era - the silent and sound era 
and the roaring 20 's and the great depression .
just two year later this same film would have had an entirely different cast ,
as warner bros. would abandon its silent era star and the star
they hired
just to produce the early musical in favor of those star
that gave warner bros. its distinctive urban look and feel
- jame cagney 
joan blondell 
edward g. robinson 
and other .
