having been driven out of the house and into the theater by the sweltering heat ,
i could not have been more pleased .
the road to perdition ,
directed by sam mande
( american beauty ) ,
is destined to become one of the greatest movie of all time .
perhaps i am just getting old ;
perhaps i have just seen the same theme recycled time and again .
but this movie is indeed different.the story opens with young michael sullivan jr.
facing out to the sea ,
contemplating the duality of his father 's legacy
-- one of the best man
to ever live ,
one of the most evil .
this duality snakes its way throughout the movie .
the story revolves around crime boss john rooney
( paul newman )
and michael sullivan
( tom hank ) ,
the young man rooney once took in
and who now serves as his personal `` angel of death . ''
rooney is tied by blood to his own son ,
but tied by love and loyalty to michael .
young michael jr. ,
intrigued by the story he reads ,
steal away in his father 's car one night
while dad goes off to `` work '' with connor rooney 
heir to the family `` business . ''
connor lets the situation get out of hand ,
and what was meant only to be a warning turns into murder
-- witnessed by michael jr. upon the discovery
that young michael has seen what
he should not have seen ,
the plot is set in motion
as conflicting loyalty collide .
soon 
michael sr. is on the run with his young son ,
pursued by contract killer harlen `` the reporter '' maguire
( jude law )
.i will disclose no further detail
in order to avoid any potential spoiler .
however 
i strongly encourage viewer to examine the many duality
that present themselves in the movie :
problem between son and father
( michael sr and jr. 
john rooney and son connor ) ,
between the world at home and the world at `` work '' 
between good and evil 
between those
who pretend to be man of god and those
who really are 
between `` clean '' money and `` dirty '' 
between the town of perdition and perdition as hell .
and along the way 
savor the visual illiance of cinematographer conrad l. hall
( 9 nomination 
2 oscar for best cinematography ) :
rain pouring off fedora ,
shot through mirror
( especially on swinging door ) ,
tommy-gun flash from out of the shadow 
absent any sound .
not only has 75-year-old hall
given us perhaps the best cinematic product of his career ,
but 77-year-old paul newman offers one of his best performance ever.yes ... i may be getting old .
but i have seen a lot ...
and this is fresh and invigorating .
the road to perdition present a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre 
to film of the 40s 
to dark comic-book figure lurking in the darkness 
to villain and hero 
to american film in general .
go see it !
