hear are some of the interesting thing our combat hero faith healer pat 
his son gordon
( t.v .
ministry seems like a family business . )
and terry meeuwsen
( won mis america in 1973
by wearing a swimsuit
and showing her leg .
oh my goodness gracious ! )
say
when our poor viewer are sick and need help.1 .
someone with an `` abscessed right tooth '' has just now been healed.2 .
someone with `` twisted intestine '' has been healed.3.then terry said
there was a person with a `` strange condition '' ,
( you mean god does not know ? )
a burning in the leg ,
who has just been healed.4 .
then gordon said
there is a man
( that narrows it down ! )
with swelling of the sinuse in his right cheek 
with much pain behind the right eye ,
but he is now healed.5.someone with a problematic right hip 
limited mobility from a stroke ,
is now able to walk .
6. terry said
she saw someone with severe with severe stiffness in the neck bone ,
but did not know the exact ailment
( god does not know ?
)
-that the person is now healed .
7. someone paralyzed on the right side ,
particularly ( not exactly ? ! )
the right side of the face has now been healed.8 .
a man
( that narrows the world population down again . )
with a plate in his skull is having a continual problem ,
and the doctor just do not know what to do .
terry said
she saw the bone reforming around the plate
( the funny bone ? !
)
and the man pain is gone ,
he was now healed.hers how our war hero pat helps our sick and poor person .
1. there is a woman in kansas city
( misouri or kansas
but that narrows it way down . )
who has a sinus the lord
is drying it up now thank you jesus .
2. there is a man with a financial need- i
think a hundred thousand dollar .
( i think
their god needs to go to school or something ! )
that need is being met met right now ,
and within three day 
the money will be supplied through the miraculous power of the holy spirit.thank you jesus .
3.there is a woman in cincinnati with cancer of the lymph node .
i do not know
whether its been diagnosed yet
( ask your vengeful god pat ! )
but you have not been feeling well ,
and the lord is dissolving
that cancer right now !
( what ? ! )
4 .
there is a lady in saskatoon
( i assume canada . )
in a wheelchair-curvature of the spine 
the lord is straightening that our right now ,
and you can stand up and walk !
( if you have this condition ignore pat ! )
just claim it
and it is your .
thank you jesus !
aman 
aman !
when pat roberton had prostate cancer
did he go to peter popoff ? 
oral robert ? 
benny hinn ? 
terry or gordon ?
no !
on feuary 17,2003 pat went to a real doctor
to have his surgery !
( you mean he does not trust his faith healing friend 
terry or his own son gordon ? !
)
when lt pat roberton was in the marine during the korean war
he was a liquor officer ,
responsible for keeping the officer
supplied with liquor .
he was known to drink himself and frequent prostitute
and he feared he contacted gonorrhea .
( should of asked a faith healer for help !
) the reason
pat got out of combat
was because his daddy absalom willis roberton
( d va from 1946-66 )
was chairman of the senate military appropriation committee.terrorist attack 
september 11 ,
2001 we have imagined ourself invulnerable
and been consumed by the pursuit of health 
wealth ,
( pat worth between 150 and 200 million dollar folk ! )
material pleasure
( a manion in virginia beach virginia with a helicopter launching pad ! )
and sexuality
( he had had sex with his future wife before marriage
which they had a son ! ) .
it
( terrorism )
is happening
because god is lifting his protection from us .
( statement released on september 13 
2001 . )
pat roberton remind me of burgermeister on santa claus is coming to town and his evil vengeful god remind me of venger on dungeon and dragons.spoiled at gordon does
what daddy pat tell him to and terry is a paid yes woman
who neither have mind of their own !
this will really grab you !
the september 5 2005 edition of the 700 club included a report christian broadcasting network correspondent gary lane from outside new orlean convention center
which has housed mostly impoverished black disaster victim throughout the weekend .
`` a number of possession left behind suggest the mindet of some of the evacuee '' lane said
''
they include this voodoo cup with the saying
'' may the curse be with you . ''
a shot of a plastic cup souvenir cup from one of the new orlean countless trinket shop appeared on the screen .
`` also music cd with the title guerrilla warfare and thug 'r ' us . ''
lane stated ,
pointing out a pile or rap cd strewn on the ground .
( his bigoted daddy absalom has taught pat racism well !
)
if any of you good person ever think
of donating to these sexist bigoted person please in the name of god do not !
sponsor a softball or basketball team 
give to a food shelf ,
be a big other or sister to a child
but please do not give to these person
because they have been around for over 40 year
and solved nothing.if you still do not believe me type pat roberton overheard during commercial eak on the web and hit search
and once you hear what hes really like ,
i know for sure
that you will not give one cent to these conning liar !
and by the way terry once had a divorce
and pat has talked against divorce many time on his shows.i like to say hello to the folk in dover pennsylvania 
orlando florida 
and to the nice folk
who got hit by hurricane katrina and i hope its a pleasant day .
has operation blessing been helpful to new orlean ?
( i doubt it ! )
please let our reader know !
i do !
by the way folk
if your sick ,
go to a real doctor
and lets everybody laugh at these liar and someday burgermeister pat ,
gordon and terry can go someplace else
and take their angry god venger with them !
