there is a great deal of material from the modesty blaise comic
and novel
that would be great in a movie .
unfortunately 
several attempt have been made
and they have fallen short of the great potential in the character .
so 
no 
this is not the modesty you know from the comic strip
( currently reprinted in nice edition from titan book ) .
this is modesty some 5 or 6 year prior to the first strip ,
and from what you can piece together from her back-story ,
it is accurate.miramax had the movie right to the character 
with quentin tarantino acting as advocate and technical adviser .
early draft of the miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novel ,
but always managed to leave out some crucial element .
tarantino was not happy with any of them ,
and offered to remove his name from the project
so they could proceed .
to the studio 's credit 
they wanted to keep him in the process ,
since they knew
he `` got '' the character and her world .
with the movie right close to expiration ,
they decided to try a very different approach .
the result was `` my name is modesty 
'' a small direct-to-video movie
that introduces the character.the movie does not introduce willie garvin or sir gerald .
these character are important to blaise 's adventure throughout most of the published story .
what this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself .
she never loses her composure ,
and you never doubt
that she is in charge even unarmed in a room full of gangster with gun .
most of the movie takes place within a casino ,
which undoubtedly saved money on the production .
it does not matter .
the film does not come across as cheap .
instead 
it gives a fairly comprehensive
( and believable )
back-story for the character and demonstrates just how far she thinks ahead .
should miramax adapt any of the comic story or novel now ,
they have laid out the character 's background nicely
and will not have to spend much time on her `` origin . ''
i realize
the word `` direct-to-video '' do not inspire confidence ,
but this film is well worth a look .
