should have been titled 'balderdash ! '
little in the film is true except the name of the island
and the fact submarine were involved .
little more than training film quality with poor camera work 
muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping 'jap ' with laughing japanese infantry 
laughing japanese fighter pilot and one-dimansional square-jawed american dying left and right .
sixty year later it is unintentionally funny as an odd artifact and as an opportunity
to see what is possible
when the war fever is upon you .
the plot and the dialogue remind me of playing gun on a summer 's afternoon in my childhood 
peering through the neighbor 's hedge
to gain a fatal advantage on my best friend steve and my little other .
in actual fact 
the makin island raid was a near total failure with carlson and his man wandering around in the dark exchanging gunfire with shadow until finally 
thirsty and completely disoriented ,
looking for someone to surrender to ,
before they happened upon some equally confused japanese soldier
who promptly surrendered to them !
in the withdrawal several of carlson 's marine ended up on another island
and were abandoned !
the film 
of course 
could not tell
that story 
not in 1943 
so this bit of whimsy was faicated
and rushed into release to the beating of drum .
with randolph scott 
and his jaw 
as colonel thorwald
( carlson )
leading a unit comprised almost entirely of stock caricature 
the green recruit
( harry landon 
robert mitchum ) ,
the grizzled veteran
( j. carroll naish 
milburn stone 
sam levene ) ,
the country-bumpkin
( rod cameron ) ,
the all-american boy
( alan curtis ) ,
and score of sneering
( when they were not laughing )
'jap ' .
and yet the cast nearly overcomes the material .
almost .
randolph scott 's narrow range is well suited to his role of earnest commander
and he is supported by a solid group of professional
who do their best with thin gruel .
but in the end 
the one-note object of the exercise wins .
any pretense is totally abandoned at the close
when randy scott simply looks directly into the camera and delivers a stirring
( well sorta stirring )
call to arm .
the cast was better than this material .
so was the audience .
should be viewed with reefer madness and a bottle of moderately priced merlot .
