lar von trier 's europa is a worthy echo of the third man ,
about an american coming to post-world war ii europe
and finds himself entangled in a dangerous mystery.jean-marc barr play leopold kessler 
a german-american
who refused to join the us army during the war ,
arrives in frankfurt as soon as the war is over to work with his uncle as a sleeping car conductor on the zentropa railway .
what he does not know
is the war is still secretly going on with an underground terrorist group
called the werewolf
who target american ally .
leopold is strongly against taking any side ,
but is drawn in and seduced by katharina hartmann
( barbara sukowa ) 
the femme fatale daughter of the owner of the railway company .
her father was a nazi sympathizer ,
but is pardoned by the american colonel harris
( eddie considine )
because he can help get the german transportation system up and running again .
the colonel soon enlist 
or force 
leopold to be a spy
( without giving him a choice or chance
to think about it )
to see
if the werewolf might carry out attack on the trains.soon ,
leopold is stuck in an adventure
by being involved with both side of the conflict in a mysterious and film noir-ish way ,
where everyone and everything is not what it seems .
its amazing to watch the naive leopold deal with everything
( his lover 
the terrorist 
the colonel 
annoying passenger 
his disgruntled uncle 
even the railway company 's official
who come to examine his work ethic )
before he finally boils over and humorously and violently takes control .
the film is endlessly unpredictable.the film stylishly shot ,
it always takes place at night during the winter with lot of falling snow .
its shot in black and white with shot of color randomly appearing throughout .
also 
background screen displaying image
that counter act with the image up front .
add max von sydow 's hypnotic narration ,
and europa becomes a dreamlike place
that is out of this world.this
is now a personal favorite film of mine .
