one of the best tarzan films is also one of its most action packed
( and graphic )
.picking up a year or so
after tarzan the ape man ,
niel hamilton 's holt has asked a rich friend
to finance a safari back to the elephant graveyard
to collect ivory .
his friend arrives also carrying dress and perfume
that holt hope to use
to win jane back from tarzan .
before they can leave holt find his map stolen
and it becomes a mad dash
to try and capture a competing expedition .
when they finally over take
the thieve they find the whole party dead and themselves surrounded .
they have no choice
but to fight their way out
and soon find they are out of the frying pan and into the fire .
eventually tarzan and jane show up
and everyone is off on even more adventure.infamous film was heavily censored
to reduce the graphic violence
( its graphic even by today standard .
it probably would get a pg 13 )
and to remove all hint of nudity ,
( there is a several minute long nude swim scene
involving jane
that is full frontal in its nudity ,
it was only recently restored ) .
its clear
watching the restored version why
this film was reduced by 20 minute in its run time for tv .
as it stands in its restored version this is a very adult film
that is romantic 
touching 
action filled
and everything else
that a movie should be .
its an amazing film by almost any standard .
best of all its the sort of film
that plays well both as a stand alone adventure ,
one need not to have seen the first film
to enjoy it ,
but its also a film
that deepens the character and theme
that were set up in that original film .
its an amazing thing.i really like this film a great deal.if there are any flaw to the film ,
its perhaps that the film has not aged well .
the rear screen is often very obvious ,
there are gorilla suit for many of the apes
and some of the other effect are more quaint rather than convincing .
however on almost every other level this film is top notch.you really owe it to yourself to see this .
make yourself a big bowl of popcorn and curl up on the couch
and just let yourself drift back to a simpler time .
this is one of the great adventure .
