slacker is just another teen movie
that is not really worth watching .
dave
( devon sawa ) ,
sam
( jason segel )
and jeff
( michael c. maronna )
are about to graduate from holden university with honor in lying 
cheating and scheming .
the three roommate have proudly scammed their way through the last four year of college and now 
during final exam ,
these big-men-on-campu are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school .
the plot is very stupid
and there is no reason
why to watch this unless your looking to shut off you ain for a little while .
slacker is just a predictable teen flick
that really adds nothing new to the genre .
the comedy in slacker is either hit or miss
but there is no real true funny or original moment in the movie .
its really just a collection of gag
and some are actually pretty funny .
though for every joke
that works there is at least eight more
that do not .
the screenplay is full of penis and east joke
that some high school and college student may enjoy .
even if they do they probably will not remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy .
jason schwartzman plays the freaky ethan
and after appearing in some good comedy
he has stoop pretty low .
jaime king and devon sawa are the other main star
but they do a rather poor job in this film .
this is directed by dewey nick and this is his first film
so you can not blame him too much .
the funniest character was probably laura prepon though ,
she is not in the movie very much .
the film is very short at only 86 minute long however ,
that may be too long for some person
who do not really like this type of humor .
slacker is not the worst film of 2002
but certainly is below average .
when compared to other film in the genre
there
is a lot better out there such as not another teen movie 
american pie and its sequel 
scary movie 1 and 2 etc .
so unless you have seen most of them
and you are looking for something new then slacker might fit
that bill but its better if you just watch something else .
rating 4.3/10 a below average teen comedy
that is worth skipping .
