i had seen marion davy in a couple of movie
and really could not understand her appeal .
she could not dance for peanut ,
she did not attempt to sing and as for her acting -
she seemed in a trance .
but i had not seen her silent comedy and this film is wonderful .
rather than kidding her own image ,
as has been suggested here ,
to me it seems a satire on glorium swanson ,
who did start off in slapstick comedy ,
went on to highly emotional woman 's picture
and did end up marrying a count .
marion 
a top mimic 
also did a funny rabbit imitation whenever
she wanted to be seen as grand ,
that was glorium swanson spot on ! !
! colonel pepper
( dell henderson )
has motored all the way from georgia to hollywood ,
determined to prove that his daughter 
peggy ,
( marion davy )
will be the greatest star ever .
their hope dwindle and they are down to their last 40 cent
when they meet billy boone
( william haine )
who works at the slapstick studio
and promise to get peggy a job .
peggy think
she is going to be a great dramatic actress
but the studio think
she is a fantastic comic .
they convince her to make the film
and at the preview she is a great success .
charlie chaplin ask for her autograph but she does not recognise him and treats him pretty rudely .
`` who was that short little guy '' -
when she finds out she faints ! ! !
peggy and billy get a call from high art studio
but only peggy is wanted
and suddenly
she is on her way .
there is a funny scene
where she sees a star
she does not think much of -
it is marion davy ! !
! she finally gets a chance
of being a dramatic actress -
but she can not cry ! ! !
it is a hilarious scene
as the director tries everything
to get her to cry
and when he succeeds ,
she can not stop ! ! !
her new leading man 
andre
( paul ralli )
convinces her to forget her comedy past and become elite and sophisticated -
she even adopts a new name -
patricia pepoire ! ! !
she also seems to have forgotten billy and her dad -
she has developed a `` star '' personality ! ! !
when the slapstick studio picks the same location as `` patricia 's '' movie ,
billy is thrilled to see her but quite unprepared for her snobby attitude .
when she calls him a cheap clown he realises
that she is not the girl he
once knew .
after a studio luncheon
( a magnificent panning shot of some of the greatest star of the day )
`` patricia '' gets a call from the boss .
it seems her film are a flop and no theatre want to book them -
the public are tired of her mannerism
and want the old peggy back .
she and andre decide to get married ,
she dreams of being a countess
( even though billy says
that andre used to serve him spaghetti in a little cafe downtown
and is no more a count
than he is ) .
on her wedding day 
billy visit and after a hilarious custard pie fight she realises
that billy is the one for her.it was amazing
to see all the guest star - john gilbert is seen going through the mgm gate ,
lew cody is talking to elinor glynn ,
who not only wrote `` it ''
but several racy romance
that were made into mgm movie .
william haine 
another actor whose movie i had always wanted to see ,
was great - especially in the cafeteria scene ,
he had wonderful comic timing .
harry gribbon was hilarious as the comedy director -
there were so many hilarious scene in this film
and marion was at the top of them all - i
am giving this film 10/10.highly 
highly recommended .
