where the hell are all these uncharted island
where prehistoric monster lurk 
evil doctor perform their experiment ,
madman hold the ultimate karate championship 
and the uber-rich hunt human for sport ?
i had no idea
there were still so many uncharted island out there ,
but if you take into account the number of movie
that utilize one of these mysterious island as a location ,
you would have to assume
that there are at least 50 of these sucker out there .
it always winds up feeling
so damned convenient and i immediately deduct point from any movie
that uses this hackneyed device .
hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist
who is conducting experiment on one of these uncharted island ,
so the movie already had a lot
to make up
for before it even began.the island in this movie
used to belong to dr. moreau ,
but has recently been purchased by the re-animator himself 
jeffrey comb .
old jeffrey is doing some kind
of cutting edge stem cell research ,
which has led him to start working with shark
while searching for a cure for cancer .
if that sounds familiar ,
that is because this is roughly the same basic set-up as the smart shark facility in deep blue sea ,
not to mention a host of other nu image movie .
so apparently 
jeffrey 's son was dying of cancer
which prompted our mad doctor
to start experimenting on his progeny .
he did some kind of super fancy gene splicing and so forth ,
turning his son into a shark-man.william forsythe leads a crew of unknown actor to the island
to look into the doctor 's experiment .
if someone would have given him a sailor 's hat ,
william would have been a dead ringer for the skipper from gilligan 's island .
in typical bond villain fashion 
the doctor decides
that all of these intruder would make nice chum for his son .
not chum 
like buddy ... chum 
like shark food .
so enter shark-boy
who starts stalking the skipper and his cohort all over the island .
they 
of course 
make half-hearted attempt to escape
and are thwarted over and over again
while being chased by a guy in a rubber shark-man suit .
the movie did not make up any of the point
that it lost for taking place on one of those dastardly deserted island .
it is funny
that this movie is called hammerhead ,
it made me think of an old joke .
why do you hit yourself in the head with a hammer ?
because it feels so good
when you stop .
that is pretty much how this movie is .
the only reason to watch it is
because it feels so good
when it is over .
