this show had a lot of hype
but i did not know about it until the midseason
( season 1 ) .
someone even recommended the show to me .
but i decided
that
if i was going to watch it ,
i was going to wait until the end of the season
so i could watch it in bulk .
due to the show 's format ,
i am happy i waited .
i imagine
it would have been fairly annoying
have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger
then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story.somehow ,
this show has managed to throw in too much sex .
jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves .
right after he finds out
that one woman he had sex with was killed ,
he is in bed with another woman the next night !
then tara and sam get it on ,
despite each of them knowing
that sam is in love with sookie .
and for some reason 
sookie gets mad
when she later finds out about it
-- even though she is sleeping with a vampire .
one of the problem with the show ,
is that
it does not do a good job
of making you care about the character .
i really did not care for jason at all .
along with his endless pursuit of tale 
he was rude to the person
who actually were concerned for him .
after a few episode 
i would not have minded
if he got killed somehow .
for that reason 
i was for the most part uninterested in the murder
until sookie 's grandmother became a victim
( since the first two were more closely involved with jason )
.then
once sookie and bill have sex ,
the story gets a few more subplot .
tara 's mother wants an exorcism ,
then the exorcist lady tries to convince tara
that she should have one
to remove her own demon .
i was not so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing
as i know
there are some person
who really believe in that stuff .
however 
they waste little time in showing
that is it a farce right
after tara spend about $ 1300 on exorcism for her and her mother .
at other point 
some of the development happen too fast .
jason continues being a jerk ,
trying to sell his grandmother 's stuff
to buy vampire blood ,
which apparently is the new crack or something .
in his search he finds this girl
who will do v
( vampire blood )
with him .
they get high ,
and within three day fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of v. another example is when bill has to go to a vampire tribunal .
he is only gone for two day
before sookie starts to feel abandoned
and start to wonder
if he thinks
`` vampire politic '' are more important than her.subtlety is not this show 's strong suit .
it does not take a genius
to figure out something
is going on with the local dog .
although my assumption was not dead on ,
it was not that much of a surprise .
but the finale two episode was where it really got annoying
as it just shoved all the development in your face
as if you could not possibly figure the out for yourself .
when tara gets into the car accident ,
the naked lady 's face with the pig is clearly shown ,
and was easily recognizable
when she shows up at the jail for the bailout .
as if
that was not enough ,
they later show the lady again with the pig at her house .
then it is time
to wrap up the murder story .
at the end of the penultimate episode 
it is revealed
that renee is not who he says
he is and most likely is the killer .
in the final episode 
they shove renee being the killer in your face .
sookie remark
that it is odd that renee 's thought do not have an accent .
i thought
that was fine ,
as it adds to renee being a fraud .
but the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against renee .
they show
that renee has the tape of maudette with the vampire and his fianc\u00e9e finds a tape in one of renee 's box
about how to fake a cajun accent .
at this point it was just ridiculous .
i mean we get it ! ! !
so blah blah blah stuff happens .
bill almost kills himself while failing to save sookie ,
who still manages to kill renee .
they start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issue .
the naked pig lady and sam have a history ,
lafayette has gone missing
and might have been killed .
jason is in the process
of being ainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti-vampire church
-- which makes me care about him
even less.it is almost surprising to see how many person absolutely love this show .
i think
i just expected this show to be better .
i am interested in seeing what happens in season 2 ,
but if i watch it 
i will most likely wait for the season completion .
