when i ordered this from blockbuster 's website i had no idea
that it would be as terrible
as it was .
who knows ?
maybe i would forgotten to take my add med that day .
i do know
that from the moment
the cast drove up in their station wagon ,
donned in their late 70's-style wide collar 
bell-bottom and feathered hair ,
i knew
that this misplaced gem of the disco era was glory bound for the dumpster.the first foretelling of just how bad thing were to be was the narration at the beginning ,
trying to explain what cosmic force were at play to wreak havoc upon the universe 
forcing polyester and porno-quality music on the would-be viewer .
from the opening scene with the poorly-done effect to the `` monster '' from another world and then the house
which jumps from universe to universe
was as achingly painful
as watching an elementary school production of 'the vagina monologues'.throughout the film ,
the sure sign something was about to happen
was when a small ship would appear .
the `` ship '' was comprised suspiciously of what looked like old vcr and camcorder part
and would attack anyone in its path .
of course if moved slower than bob barker 's impacted bowel ,
but it had menacing pencil-thin armature and the ability
to cast a ominous green glow
that could stop bullet and equipped with a laser capable
of cutting through mere balsa wood in an hour or two
( with some assistance )
.moving on ... as the weirdness and bell bottom continue ... we found out
that they are caught in a `` space time warp '' .
how do we garner this little nugget of scientific information ?
because the oldest male lead tells his son
that 
in a more or less off-the-cuff fashion 
like reminiscing about 'how you won the big game ' over a cup of joe or an ice-cold bottle of refreshing coca-cola .
was pops a scientist ?
nope ,
but he knew about horse
and has apparently meddled as an amateur in string theory and einstein 's theories.the recording i watched on dvd was almost bootleg quality .
the sound was muddy
and the transfer looked like
it had been shot off a theater screen with the video recorder on a cell phone 
other than that ,
it was really 
really 
really bad .
( there is not enough 'really 's '
to describe it 
really )
.i know some out there love this movie
and compare it to other cult classic .
i never saw this film on its original release ,
but even back then i think
i would 've come to the same conclusion :
bury this one quick .
