fever pitch has many of the clich\u00e9s
we have come to identify with hollywood romantic comedy :
a relationship between two person with little in common 
the secret he is been hiding
that she discovers 
the inevitable eakup 
and the very public \u0096 well 
i will not go any further
but you get the picture .
in spite of its predictability ,
it works ,
especially if you love baseball as i do ,
though i am not quite as obsessive as ben wrightman 
a boston schoolteacher
played by saturday night
live comedian jimmy fallon.adapted from a novel by nick hornby by veteran screenplay writer lowell ganz and babaloo mandel ,
ben is a lifelong boston red sox fan
whose uncle gave him season ticket
when he was seven year old
and he is been kind of stuck emotionally at that point all of his life to the detriment of his relationship with woman .
ben is not just a fan but a `` fanatic ''
who travels to fort meyer ,
florida each winter for the red sox spring training game
and never misses a home game during the regular season .
his family does not consist of parent or sibling but the fellow groupie
who attend each game with him and his bedroom
is not a place to sleep
but a red sox museum to visit.when he falls for business consultant lindsay meeks
( drew barrymore ) ,
he is threatened with the possibility
of having to grow up
but ben is not quite ready to do that .
he would rather attend the yankee series than go with her to baltimore
to meet her parent or to go to paris with her and miss the anaheim series .
it takes his relationship being on the verge of dissolving ,
for him to stop
and think about his priority ,
especially when a pint-size dr. phil wannabe asks him ,
`` you love the red sox ,
but have they ever loved you back ? ''
while the premise of fever pitch is that some thing are more important than baseball
( perish the thought ) ,
you would never know it from the way thing turn out .
of course 
to any one familiar with the history of the boston red sox ,
it is a team
that will eak the heart of its most die hard fan
-- but this is 2004 
the year the curse of the bambino came to an end
and as the red sox move to a new level ,
ben might just do the same .
both lead performance are excellent
and the farrelly brother even manage a pretty gross gag .
while fever pitch will never be mistaken for an art film ,
it is a joyous romp
that will have to go down as one of my guilty pleasure .
go blue jays ! .
