overall 
i thought
it a very nice movie - i hate
to use the word 'nice '
as it is rather dry
but it was very beautiful
to look at and the central performance
by rupert friend and emily blunt were very strong .
what i liked most was that despite the gleaming aesthetic of the costume and the setting 
all gilded and shiny 
this aspect never took over the heart of the film
which was good 
strong writing
( thank you julian fellowes :
d ) ;
nothing too flamboyant or saturated with pomp 
i.e not sensationalised greatly
( when victorium is dragged out of bed
to be informed
she is now queen ,
well you could not get a less glamorous hand over of the crown ) .
it was paced gently and every line in the film held its worth.undoubtedly the portrayal of the love between victorium and albert 
though somewhat fairytale-ish on the face it 
was in fact a slow burning candle and friend and blunt did well to show how effortlessly these two person 'fitted ' together
despite the union being initially arranged
( my fave bit was
when they come home
after hunting and victorium simply hugs her new husband from behind ;
so much said
without any word ,
that is what film is all about ) .
blunt held her own beautifully as well ,
she has a face
that demands your attention and i can not not mention the costume
that she wears - every one simply gorgeous .
if i was blunt i would have trouble parting with any of them !
the rest of the ensemble cast all played their role well ,
harriet walter as queen adelaide being a highlight.the
only qualm i have ,
is that it lacked a sense of urgency 
or an event
that could have made the movie a little more exciting ?
( it was rather tame )
i do not know 
i wanted 'something ' to happen
that would have victorium draw out some strength
and prove her worth a little more .
when she and albert argued ,
i loved it ,
i could have done with some more pivotal dramatic moment ,
though that may be just me.lastly 
at the risk of sounding all patriotic 
it did renew a sort of pride and awe in the crown
and what it takes to be in such a position 
especially in one so young .
this may be in part to the fact
that this film 's snap shot of victorium 's young life is immediately apt to what i have been writing for one character of mine in 'the sword and the scion ' but nevertheless ,
it did flag up those feeling
( for those
following my book ,
can you guess what character victorium so aptly reflects ? )
it might have been in part to the film
displaying
how ridiculous the government were back in those time
as they did not seem to give two hoot about the poor and dispossessed of the nation ,
which only in turn renews appreciation
that queen victorium and prince albert were so active in this domestic domain .
it made the government appear rather useless -
nothing much has changed then i suppose.blog on film and book :
http :
//sempergratis.blogspot.com
