this a good episode of the new twilight zone
that actually includes interesting idea and clever story
( i note both of them are based on short story ) .
`` examination day '' is set in the future 
year unknown but at a point
where they have cake candle that light themselves 
huge tv-looking `` phone ''
that double as numerous other entertaining machine
and distributed only to those of a certain age ... and the examination day 
a point
where 12-year-old must undergo a government-required iq test .
the kid is this story 
dickie jordan
( david mendenhall )
is just celeating his own 12th birthday
and is a smart kid ,
so is calm ,
even eager to take the test
that he has seen friend pass easily
and knows
he will excel at based on his school grade .
his parent
( christopher allport and elizabeth norment ) ,
on the other hand 
say
he should not have used his birthday wish on getting a good score ,
and while their reason includes
that
they believe
he is capable
and he should have no need to worry ,
it is pretty obvious
they are worried .
i will not give anything away in the ending ,
but i will say
this - there is a point
where we get a glimpse of what is to come as far ass why the test is such a heavy subject :
that evening
( or another ? )
his parent ask dickie
whether he had prefer to watch tv all night .
by today 's standard 
we 'd be pleased
he had say
he had rather read
and not just because there is nothing worth watching ...
but why would his family ask this ?
the flavor of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from harrison bergenon
( which i hear has not received a great adaptation to the screen ) .
i only wish
they could have provided an opening
and closing narration to make this theme as powerful
as the obsolete man was .
i found it to be better than the short story
it was based on .
i have not read the one
that `` a message from charity '' was based on ,
but would like to since it was interesting - a 16-year-ld boy 
peter
( robert duncan mcneill )
is suffering a fever from unclean water ,
that has always been common in his massachusetts hometown ...
but he is able to see through the eye of a young puritan woman
suffering the same type of fever 
charity payne ,
( kerry noonann )
who also finds herself able to experience what goes on around him .
they both recover ,
especially since it is common for that to happen in 1985 ,
but the connection does not go away .
charity is curious about the sight and sounds
she record of 1985
and they each enjoy each other 's company 
especially peter ,
who has promoted grade in school enough
to always have felt isolated from other student ,
even at the college he is been staying in one place at .
thing take an unexpected turn 
though ,
when charity reveals some of these experience to a friend
who take her claim
that the 13 colony will each from england as a sign of bewitchment ,
added to the fact
that she was spared death from the fever
( not so common in 1700 ) .
the two try to learn a way to save her .
the ending is sad
but has an interesting final moment
that makes it touching .
both segment of this episode include a lot of pain but both time 
through a lesson/warning
that sounds like something rod sterling would 've cooked up and entertainment ,
make cheerful watching as reminder
that friendhip 
love ,
and wisdom do a great deal .
probably 3/4 of this has no theme ,
but somehow i think
it all would have been approved by sterling 's crew .
