corean cinema can be quite surprising for an occidental audience ,
because of the multiplicity of the tone and genre you can find in the same movie .
in a coreen drama such as this `` secret sunshine '' 
you will also find some comical part 
thriller scene and romantic time .
`` there is not only tragedy in life ,
there is also tragic-comedy '' says at one point of the movie the character
interpreted by song kang-ho ,
summing up the mixture of the picture .
but do not get me wrong 
this heterogeneity of the genre the movie deal with ,
adds veracity to the experience this rich movie offer to its spectator .
that does not mean that it lacks unity :
on the contrary 
it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain.shin-ae ,
who 's in quest for a quiet life with her son in the native town of her late husband ,
really gives ,
by all the different faces of suffering
she is going through 
unity to this movie .
it is realistic part is erased by the psychological description of all the phase
the poor mother is going through .
denial 
lost 
anger 
faith 
pert of reality :
the movie fallows all the step the character cross ,
and looks like a psychological catalog of all the suffering phase a woman can experience.the
only thing is to accept what may look like a conceptual experience
( the woman wears the mask of tragedy ,
the man represents the comical interlude )
and to let the artifice of the movie touch you .
i must say
that some part of the movie really did move me
( especialy in the beginning ) ,
particularly those
concerning the unability of chang joan
to truly help the one
he loves ,
but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tired me towards the end .
nevertheless 
some cinematographic idea are really eathtaking and surprising
( the scene
where a body is discovered in a large shot
is for instance amazing ) .
this kind of scene makes `` secret sunshine '' the melo equivalent of `` the host '' for horror movie or `` memory of murder '' for thriller .
these movie are indeed surprising 
most original 
aesthetically incredible ,
and manage to give another dimension to the genre
they deal with .
the only thing
that `` secret sunshine '' forget ,
as `` the host '' forgot to be scary ,
is to make its audience cry :
bad point for a melodrama 
but good point for a good film .
