in the immortal `` shaun of the dead '' 
we are introduced to a london
where the slacker and the high-and-mighty alike are forced to battle flesh-eating 
reanimated corpse version of their friend and family .
at the end of the film 
it is suggested
that the zombie are rendered harmless and used as cheap labour .
`` fido '' present us with an epilogue to `` shaun '' set in 1950 's america 
in a hilariously witty and original `` what-if ... ? ''
movie.the film is set post-zombie-apocalypse 
for a change ; after the terror of the zombie war ,
ended by the creation of the zomcon company and their patented zombie collar
which make the corpse as docile as lamb .
every town in the world is fenced off from the wild zone ,
the once-fertile landscape torn asunder by the surviving zombie and left-over from the apocalyptic war .
the idyllic town of willard is your typical 
pristine 50 's suburbia 
with one small difference ;
social status is measured by a family 's amount of domesticated zombie .
unfortunately 
the robinson family has no zombie whatsoever 
due to their patriarch 
bill 's 
fear of the reanimated dead .
timmy robinson and his mother helen both suffer from the pressure of suburban life 
until the day
that helen purchase a zombie servant in a desperate attempt
to impress the neighbours.the zombie earns timmy 's love
when he rescues him from a pair of violent bully ,
and the two form a bond
to rival the classic `` boy-and-his-dog '' clich\u00e9 ... a boy and his zombie .
timmy names his `` pet '' fido ,
and he soon becomes an aid for both timmy and helen
to escape the prison-like routine bill has put them in .
but when fido 's domestication collar goes on the fritz
and he devours the elderly mrs henderson ,
the robinson have to contain their connection the sudden wild zombie epidemic
and still manage to keep their beloved fido.a film
whose sharp wit and satirical gore carry it just as much as its all-star cast
( including `` the matrix '' 's carrie-anne moss as helen robinson and billy connelly as fido ) ,
`` fido '' is a zom-com for the age .
with some rather twisted subplot - for example 
the sweet and unsettling feeling
that helen and fido begin to have for each other - and a poignant commentary on 50 's suburbia and the zombie genre ,
the film manage to ing out the worst
( and the best )
in its character while still enabling you to care for them .
`` fido '' is 
by far 
one of the best dark comedy i have ever seen 
one of the best film
that i have seen in a long time ,
and the best zom-com since the incredible `` shaun of the dead '' .
