terry gilliam 's fantastic 
twisted story of a virus
destroying all but a handful of person across the earth
and forcing them to move underground
and the man sent back in time to gather information
about it is a fantastic 
dizzying 
and highly stylized film
that boasts bruce willi ' best performance ever.what sets 12 monkey apart from most time-travel sci-fi movie is that bruce willi character actually deals with what the psychological effect of time-travel ,
that is ,
not knowing what reality is actual reality :
the place
that the time-traveler comes from or goes to .
also 
the film recognizes
that thing
that have past
can not be altered
and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event 
in this case
the release of said virus 
can not be stopped or changed .
as willi asserts
`` it is already happened 
''
while he is in a mental hospital ,
the major dilemma the film trudge into is not a trite 
overdone plot
to save the world ;
instead it is willi ' inner struggle
to simply survive himself .
it is a fresh 
innovative concept ,
and it works beautifully thank to a tautly
written script by persons and gilliam 's unique and of dementia.beside this ,
12 monkey 's storytelling is totally non-linear
and instead opt to distort and bend the way
the story is told skillfully incorporating a bevy of different time sequence :
flashback 
dream 
memory 
the present 
the past 
the future 
and even a scene
that is lifted out of hitchcock 's vertigo .
all serve to envelop the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and futility.visually ,
gilliam is a master of desolate umage and shadow rivalling tim burton in his strikingly despondent scenery and imagery .
with cold 
wide 
and immersing cinematography 
gilliam plunge into the colorless surrounding and darkness of his character .
the scene are often bathed in a strangely antiseptic ,
dead white and help serve as a contrast to the often veering-on-madness character.performance-wise ,
brad pitt steal most scene ,
filling them with a patented loony 
off-the-wall performance
that deservedly garnered him an oscar nomination .
as mentioned 
bruce willi gives the best performance of his career 
not reverting to his heroic clich and cardboard hero and instead portraying cole as a simple 
poignant 
tragic everyman .
equally good is madeline stowe as willi ' psychologist .
she holds her own 
injecting her character with both wild energy and strength
as she collapses under the weight
of what she comes to believe
is a false 'religion .
'gilliam 's expert 
overwhelming 
and complex handling of what could have been a routine action/sci-fi film
makes 12 monkey a compelling vision of a nightmarish 
futuristic landscape .
its rich 
well-thought out 
intricate storyline along with avura performance from the entire cast and its ooding ,
bleak cinematography make it a masterpiece of madness .
ranking in my top 10 of all time 
12 monkey is a darkly lavish spectacle of a film imming with illiance.10/10
