the narrative affirm the classic image of good versus evil in the form of a struggle of other against other .
the main character 
lin macadam ,
played by jame stewart ,
represents justice and righteousness .
his other ,
who operates under the persona of dutch henry brown ,
played by stephen mcnally ,
stands for the classic stage-coach robbing western outlaw ,
chased by his other for having killed their father .
the world
the story takes place is the classic dystopian west
where the only way
to prevent its inhabitant from killing each other
is to take away their sidearm as soon
as they enter town ,
and the man responsible
for keeping this law
and order
is the classic western lawman wyat earp .
present as well are such flat character typical of the western 
such as the murderous indian warrior 
the besieged cavalryman 
and the bonnet-clad damsel in distress .
another important archetype in this film ,
that
which gives the film
it is name ,
is a custom
made winchester rifle .
the weapon can be viewed as an allegory for the reward
given to those
who do thing honorably .
once it is stolen from its rightful owner ,
it ings tragedy to everyone that comes in contact with it .
in this sense it resembles other such icon like the holy grail in raider of the lost ark 
and the blood stained letter in saving private ryan .
this gives the film an element of surrealism
which is usually absent from western ,
a genre not known for esoteric theme and symbol .
being essentially a revenge film ,
it share this element with many other example of the genre 
such as jack arnold 's no name on the bullet 
and clint eastwood 's unforgiven .
there is also a tacit theme of rape in winchester '73 .
waco johnny dean 
one of the film 's villain played very effectively by dan duryea 
abducts a woman
after killing her husband .
the volatile cowboy toys with the tenderfoot husband ,
and dispatches him like a caricature of a cat toying with an insect
before biting its head off .
waco johnny dean eventually gets what is coming to him
after coming in contact with the ominous winchester rifle .
the main story of winchester '73 is reminiscent of the mythological tale of jason and his quest for the golden fleece ,
as told in apollonius ' argonautica .
both story deal with the acquisition of a sacred object
that possesses some sort of intangible quality .
like jason 
stewart 's character hops from one adventure to the next in search of a one-of-a- kind prize .
another theme in winchester '73
that is similar to a mythic tale
is the struggle between other .
several story of antiquity deal with this issue 
such as the heew bible 's tale of cain and abel 
and the vulgate tale of romulus and remus .
as for the theme of abduction and rape present in anthony mann 's film ,
it is present in many mythological work 
such as the rape of europa
as told by ovid in his metamorphose .
winchester '73 is a fine example of the western genre 
and acts as the objective correlative for many classic american western and ancient mythological theme .
