i settled back to watch `` read my lip 
'' a plate of freedom fry before me .
the food was quickly forgotten
as i became engrossed by director and co-writer jacque audiard 's original and superb thriller.carla
( emmanuelle devos )
is a secretary at a firm
that develops major building project .
she actually has some significan not responsibility
that do not often fall to secretary
and she is capable and ambitious .
and thwarted by a male hierarchy
that will exploit but not reward her.work piling up faster
than she can handle it ,
carla is told to hire a secretary .
enter ex-con and general layabout paul
( vincent cassel ) .
he lies about his skill
and in fact has none
that any legitimate enterprise might require .
after an initial serious misunderstanding by paul as to carla 's interest in him ,
the two become ally .
a quirky friendship start .
in a stunt
that would have made a real carla a major contender on `` the apprentice 
''
she trumps her egotistic male adversary at work with paul 's connivance .
exit the rival.carla is virtually deaf
without her hearing aid .
with it she hears almost normally .
she turns the hearing aid off to isolate herself from unpleasant sound and annoying person .
she is also very lonely .
a heroic makeup effort was made to have her appear plain
but she is truly beautiful .
she has not a boyfriend .
she babysits so a friend can have a liaison
( it is a french movie )
worse and humiliatingly ,
she accedes to a girlfriend 's plea
that she hang out somewhere
while that married friend has it off with her paramour in carla 's bed .
not nice.as carla and paul get to know each other better 
the barely repressed larcenous side of the not so former felon emerge .
there is a side story 
by the way 
of paul 's relationship with his parole officer
which neatly complements the main plot
and has its own big surprise ending .
`` read my lip ? ''
ingenious paul recognizes
that carla 's ability to read lip 
even from a considerable distance 
is more than the amusing parlor trick
it first seems to be.from there a caper develops .
enough said.paul and carla are a true criminal oddball couple .
she wants love but will also accept money .
he wants her 
sort of ,
but business must come
before possible erotic satiation .
together cassel and devos are strong actor
carrying an unusual crime tale to its end very convincingly.rent
it
or buy it
but
if you enjoy a good crime story
you will go for `` read my lip . ''
and you may well want to watch it several time :
i do.9/10
