an intriguingly bold film weaves the seemingly effortless camerawork with some superb casting and an explosive soundtrack
to plot the damaging effect of the crime and corruption of the santiago underworld on 2 naive young other from the southern city of temuco.film debutant daniella rio is the seductive erotic dancer gracia ,
working in the nightclub
owned by the face of the new mini-wave in chilean film production 
alejandro trejo .
the elder other ,
played maturely by nestor can notillana ,
is easily convinced to become trejo 's lead henchman 
after a night at the stripclub to celeate younger other victor 's
( juan pablo miranda )
seventeenth birthday .
from the establishing shot of this opening scene ,
the film explodes into neo-noir exploration of everything the outside world does not usually expect to see in this country
so stereotypically conservative and catholic.gracia 's charm of seduction attract the three man like bee to honey ,
although the circular narrative of the three-way fantasy romance revolves around the linear portrayal of major international drug deal between trejo 's man and the 'gringo ' 
eduardo barril .
power relation become a vital theme ,
as society 's outsider merge in a mini-family .
the prostitute holds an exotic spell over all the chilean man in the film ,
emerging from her ambiguous position in the periphery of society ,
and is seen as holding the key to all three man 's future .
the relationhips between trejo and can notillana become important ,
as the boy ' parent are conspicious by their absence
( one assumes
they still live in temuco ) .
therefore it is trejo 
el padrino ,
who 'adopts ' can notillana ,
and effectively 'makes him ' as a man in the city .
miranda rapidly becomes the desperate outsider ,
as his dependency on his 'father figure ' 
can notillana 
becomes increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful gracia .
however 
miranda remain trapped by the constraint of still being in school -
he is dependent on can notillana ,
who is dependent on trejo ,
for the money to survive .
trejo 
in turn 
is under the thumb of the 'gringo ' ,
and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deal and well as his strip club .
the figure of gracia act as a time bomb viewed as a beautiful firework ,
she wraps a web of beauty inside the patriarchy
but the strain can only lead to one climax.as the tension of these power relation come to head ,
gracia remain ambiguously elusive .
the viewer is never sure
which male figure
she will commit to .
the film concludes tragically and explosively in a shoot out
which realigns power relation and erases half the major male protanganist .
the final shot of miranda 's beaten face speeding down the panamericano highway is despairingly powerful .
the boy has been sucked in by the lure of the city 's underworld ,
yet has lost his only visible family 
and his woman ,
who is his only friend in the film .
he has nothing .
the overriding metaphor are bold
and ave. this is a gangster film in chile .
the notion of family 
no sex before marriage etc 
are abolished ,
and instead the harsh reality of the other side of santiago 's coin are displayed in all their savage glory .
trejo beat rio utally 
rio and miranda make love in a cinema reel room
- a whore
having sex with a minor
she barely knows .
the 'gringos ' are seen to have a financial hold over this small latin american nation 
but not through the copper mine ,
through the illegal path of drugs.waissbluth 's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld ,
which raises so many social question 
more perhaps than the record-eakingly successful sexo con amor 
within a slick 
smooth firecracker of a film ,
which place this film firmly alongside sexo con amor 
taxi para tre 
and el chacotero sentimantal 
as cinematic evidence
that chile is well and truly artistically alive and kicking in the post-transition period 15 year after the censorship of the military regime .
