i found it hard to like anyone in this film .
the central character 
lindy and michael chamberlain ,
whose daughter disappears during a night out in the australiumn outback ,
are not bad person ,
but then surely not all 
or even most 
of the score of person
we see throughout this movie
would be bad
if we knew them better .
but though we are as sure
as the film wants us to be of the guilt or innocence of the chamberlain from the start of their life 's tragic disarray ,
the film takes on a more or less sociological perspective pertaining to gossip 
news medium 
crowds 
mobs and assumption .
it is not a movie about the degenerate society of australium in particular ;
it is merely an account of a true story
that happened there .
society en masse is much less evolved than the individual feel ensured
that we are.when a warden insist upon killing all of an aborigine 's dog
because of the unverified action of a single wild dog ,
when a randomly ruined life spin even further out of control
owing to the majority of magazine ,
newspaper and tv program distorts the tragic truth to a level of drama
that provokes its consumer into a frenzy ,
there is no sign of empathy or even any kind
of looking outside of one 's own unaware perception 
influenced left and right by the vigorous hearsay and vibes of those
who surround one 's life .
the reason i appreciate
the film is
because it turns the focus
inside out 
from the victim to the masses.the evidence against lindy chamberlain aside ,
suspicion was jet-fueled mostly by a virtue of her .
to the public eye 
she did not seem sufficiently distraught by the death of her baby daughter .
why was she able to keep her cool ,
even a sort of aloofness let alone holding her head up 
for tv and the press ?
how much of the downward spiral could have been prevented
had she behaved more to the public 's liking in the medium ?
meryl streep 
one of 
if not the 
greatest actress working today ,
may not give a performance
that particularly stands out ,
and frankly neither does any other actor 
or department of film-making .
but she 
and the screenwriter 
do understand lindy .
what is infuriating is that it is not that difficult .
apparently 
she was not naturally prone to showing emotion in public in any case .
whether or not she is approachable as a lovable character in the immediumte sense ,
we are naturally prone to sympathize with her situation.whether or not her performance is as immediumtely gratifying as sophie 's choice 
the devil wears prada 
angel in america or other such work ,
it is a triumph .
it is difficult enrapture an audience
when you purposely deny them insight into yourself .
she frustrates us
because we do not know what she is thinking or feeling .
it took me awhile to feel endeared toward her ,
but this is the movie 's way
of suggesting
the reaction of the public 's attention.she is married to a pastor ,
and they both practice a religion
that is in a small minority
and thus misinterpreted by most .
initially 
they react to their loss
as if to be reconciling themselves to god 's will ,
kick-starting a rumor mill generating the notion
that their daughter 's death was some sort of ritual killing on their part .
whatever happened to the little girl ,
her parent were part of a margin
with whom most of the medium 's intake did not immediumtely identify ,
so the first inclination was to go after them like a pack of hungry ... well ...
meryl streep and sam neill are constantly on screen ,
but the australiumn public plays the real lead here .
like punctuation for each plot advance 
director fred schepisi cut away from restaurant to tennis court to dinner party to saloon to office ,
where the public try lindy
and gets carried away into their own passionate projections.this golan-globus docudrama is not particularly memorable .
the setting 's atmosphere does not give a pleasurable enough compensation for the fact
that no performance or facet of production stands out .
but it is very successful as an indictment of the collective conscious of the public .
