when a movie shocks you with it
is disturbing 
ooding atmosphere ,
and grab you by the throat with it is stunning cinematography ,
you just know
that you have stumbled upon a treat 
masterpiece of a film .
although with most modern movie 
extremely enjoyable as some are ,
those
that really shock you into focus
are the strongest ,
and are the one
that are most critically acclaimed and mostly 
stick with you for a life time .
i say 
proudly ,
that i am a fan of movie
that disturb 
not just horror movie ,
but those
that send a vibe laden with foreboding .
movie like breakdown and the missing ,
that send a chill down your spine ,
making you think `` holy crap ,
that could happen to me '' ,
and visually entice you ,
are up there with some of my favorite aspect in a movie .
because i am only 21 ,
i did not grow up with actor like burt renyold 
jon voight and ned beatty ,
albeit i am familiar with them ,
i did not watch them grow and proceed as actor ,
as opposed to actor now like shia labouf and justin long .
i must say ,
after the long hype and witnessing deliverance for the first time ,
i was so admired by these veteran actor in a movie
made more than 30 year ago ,
and still lives
it is terror up in competition to modern movie .
burt renyold play lewis 
the macho self appointed leader of a group of four friend on a canoe trip down a fictitious river
before a dam is made ,
filling the whole wilderness in water .
renyold ' character is an experienced adventurer 
sort of no nonsense ,
and filled with machismo .
witnessing him portray the tough guy ,
made me think differently about him as an actor ,
as i have only seen him as a seedy old guy or an angry politician .
the dialog the director provides for his character gives him enough malice
to be proved as a strong and even intimidating leader .
ronny cox and ned beatty play as the novice adventurer 
drew and bob respectively ,
joining in for the fun of a canoe trip .
the actor
that i thoroughly enjoyed watching
was jon voight ,
once again i have only seen him as an older actor 
however 
unlike renyold 
i have quite liked voight 's acting
( and i do not regard anaconda
when i say that ) ,
for example the national treasure movie .
voight play ed ,
whom 
like lewis 
is experienced in adventuring
but is seen as a more reserved character 
a reluctant hero/ leader and definitely lacks lewis ' machismo .
the film basically opens up with the four driving into a small town
while asking to find someone to drive their car to the bottom of the river whilst
they canoe the rapid and camp along the riverside .
you immediately get a creepy vibe from the hillbilly character
we are introduced to 
like the imed kid
who play the infamous `` duelling banjo 's '' at the start of the film with ronny cox 's character drew ;
and more so the two mountain man in the film pivotal and disturbing rape scene .
as with all atmospheric movie 
from this momant on 
dread and confusion fills the character as well as the audience
and it is here
we see the character take shape and change form .
the canoe trip
that follows is expertly shot
and it is from here the man fight against both human and nature 's odd for survival .
the film 's cinematic do not let up ,
and i back
that commant up with the scene
in which ed fight one of the rapist mountain man with a composite bow .
as ed falls on to one of his arrow
and notice his enemy approaching him ,
cocks his rifle 
only to shoot the floor
as he falls with an arrow in his neck ;
was possible the greatest piece of cinematic shooting
i have seen in a film .
in wrapping up ,
deliverance is one film ,
who 's dread and atmosphere carry the mood across and to this date ,
remains one of the best film in cinematic history .
