advertised by channel seven in australium as the `` untold story '' ,
this miniseries undoes itself in the first five minute
by washing over the titular character 's childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to set up a single event .
this cowardice and self-censorship for the fear of offending anyone permeates the series ,
and is ultimately responsible for its failure.robert carlyle puts in a valiant performance as the most hated man of the twentieth century ,
but he is hamstrung by two thing .
the lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leaves his northern-uk heritage shining blindingly through his physical appearance ,
and the dialogue is at time truly abysmal .
apparently 
acknowledging the fact
that hitler was raised in a catholic family
is off limit ,
but insulting million of viking and their descendant
by having carlyle spew the most ridiculous line about valhalla
is quite okay .
well 
here is a clue for the writer -
any person familiar with viking mythology will tell you
that valhalla is about the embodiment of honour
and might in battle 
two thing
that the nazis quickly eschewed in favour of rat cunning and backstabbing .
until we can wake up to ourself and realise
that the reason hitler has never been excommunicated from the catholic church
is because it would require the embarassing acknowledgement
that he was once a member ,
we will never learn what this awful period of the world 's history has to teach us.so now
that we have managed to insult viking and the citizen of scandinavian country in this sham ,
you would think
the series would stop there ,
but it does not .
stockard channing 's listing in the opening credit was particularly eyeow-raising ,
given that her voice is heard ,
and her face seen 
for about thirty second at the most during the opening credit ,
making it patently transparent
that more footage of hitler 's early day were shot ,
but not included
because of a typical nanny-state fear of offending someone .
it is also quite ironic
that the film or miniseries
which give a far better insight into hilter 's character
do not feature him at all.until
we learn to stop sugar-coating the truth and realise
that the citizenry of germany was mostly unopposed to hitler 's view ,
and not necessarily through ignorance ,
we will never learn to deal with the fact
that subversion of democracy
( yes 
germany was a democracy pre-hitler )
can occur anywhere ,
we are doomed .
that is the one thing
this mini-series got right in portraying .
unfortunately 
that element is lost in attempt
to make hitler 's religious belief appear those of a much more valiant person ,
and the inability to scratch past the surface in any part of the subject matter .
david letterman 's show had it pegged
when they ran short satirical segment about the series .
they really might
as well have made a family sitcom with him as the star ,
that is how badly
it was written.all in all ,
this politically correct farce of a bio-pic is worth no point ,
but i gave it two
because robert carlyle definitely deserves better material than this ,
and he is about the only thing
in it that works .
