harold pinter rewrites anthony schaeffer 's classic play about a man
going to visit the husband of his lover
and having it all go sideway .
the original film starred laurence olivier and michael caine .
caine has the olivier role in this version
and he is paired with jude law .
here
the film is directed by kenneth branaugh.the acting
is spectacular .
both caine and law are gangbuster in their respective role .
i really like the chemistry and the clashing of personality .
it is wonderful and enough of a reason
to watch
when the script 's direction goes haywire.harold pinter 's dialog is crisp and sharp and often very witty and i understand
why he was chosen to rewrite the play
( which is updated to make use of surveillance camera and the like )
.the problem is that
how the script moves the character around
is awful .
michale caine walk law through his odd modern house with sliding door
and panel for no really good reason .
conversation happen repeatedly in different location .
i know
pinter has done that in his play ,
but in this case it becomes tedious .
why do we need to have the pair go over and over and over the fact
that law is sleeping with caine 's wife ?
it would be okay if at some point law said
enough we have done this ,
but he does not he acts
as if each time is the first time .
the script also does not move caine through his manipulation of law all that well .
to begin with he is blindly angry to start so he has no chance
to turn around and scare us .
( never mind a late in the game revelation
that makes you wonder
why he bothered )
in the original we never suspected what was up .
here we do
and
while it gives an edge
it also somehow feel false
since its so clear we are forced to wonder why law 's milo does not see he is being set up .
there are a few other instance
but to say
more would give away too much.thinking about the film in retrospect i
think its a film of missed opportunity and misstep .
the opportunity squandered are the chance
to have better firework between caine and law .
misstep in that the choice of a garish setting and odd shift in plot take away from the creation of a tension and a believable thriller .
instead we get some smart dialog and great performance in a film
that does not let them be real.despite some great performance and witty dialog this is only a 4/10
because the rest of the script just does not work
