set in south africa ,
a young black guy try to land a part in a 'gangta ' movie .
but with no knowledge of street life 
he is told to find out what
that life is really like or he will not get the part .
he manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chance of appearing in the film decline
as he commits crime to be accepted .
but for the gang 's leader 
the burgeoning disaster of his new friend 's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own.while
that may sound relatively interesting ,
it is anything but .
the first half of it is incredibly meandering and tedious ,
while the `` hijacking '' only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chase .
in those `` chase '' 
only two polouse car are used ,
both of which are early 90 's nissan sunny 's .
not only would these be rather cheap to pick up
( and i find it rather hard to believe
they had be using such mundane old car in south africa in the year 2000 ) ,
but as far as i can remember ,
there is only 2 involved
and none of them get a scratch once .
the car chase are very badly shot ,
with distant and badly timed camera angle and minimal traffic on the road ,
and they are all over in around 2 minute at maximum
as you are supposed to believe
that a very small kid is actually a highly skilled driver
who can easily evade the polouse
despite the driving
being pedestrian and utterly unexciting .
this now leads me onto the character and the acting ,
which are equally bad .
the aforementioned kid
who drives the car ,
looks about 13 year old and supposedly is extremely skilled at losing the incredibly inept polouse .
everybody else is equally unconvincing ,
so much
that they even look bored at time themselves.at the closing scene of the movie 
our main character
( `` sox moraka '' )
is asked by the gang leader
to steal a car from a car park .
while having trouble opening it ,
the polouse arrive and ask him what he is doing
and he replies
by telling him it is their car .
after a ief argument they try to arrest him
and he then holds the polouse at gunpoint and jump back in their car .
after he is in ,
the polouse return fire and in turn he gets wounded .
after another pathetic chase sequence 
they decide to abandon the car
and set it alight to destroy any evidence .
what follows here is one of the most downright laughable and hideously awful special effect i
have ever seen .
when the car `` explode '' 
superimposed flame suddenly appear from every window with awful sound effect
that are not even in time .
it is so badly done
and so phony looking
that it is hard to even put it into word ,
and really needs to be seen to be believed .
if you watch it in slow motion
it looks even funnier .
i have seen better effect than this in murder reconstruction documentary .
the car is a volkswagen golf mk2 gti .
something that would not be worth a huge amount at all ,
and they seriously could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion ?
i would love to know
how large the budget for this movie was .
it feels so cheap
that i am surprised
it made it outside of south africa ,
and even more surprised
it made it to a dvd release.i know
it is not a big budget hollywood production .
i know
it is meant to depict gang in impoverished township of south africa
who steal car from the middle class
in and sell the part on the black market ,
but with the laughable effect ,
poorly executed car chase ,
awful acting and ludicrous character ,
any sense of reality is completely lost.overall ,
i most certainly do not advise you to watch this .
if you want to have a laugh
and see one of the most poorly done ,
low budget mess of amovie ever created ,
then i would recommend it for that ,
and only that.it is a wretched ,
poorly made 
poorly edited 
poorly paced and tedious piece of low budget drivel
that fails on all count .
i have seen many south african movie ,
including lot of cheap nuimage/nu-world action picture ,
and despite their cheesiness ,
they are far better than this on all count .
