( r # 97 )
there is one good thing about this poor man 's pok\u00e9mon
( make of that what you will ) :
the opening theme .
it has to be the coolest theme music of any sloppily dubbed japanese made-for-the-consumers-oops-i-mean-the-young-fans anime tv show .
unfortunately there was need to add some sort of show after the opening theme .
and they just could not come up with something more interesting than person
arguing loudly about whose card are better than the other ' card .
freud would have a field day ,
unfortunately i can not imagine
why any kid would want to sit through a show
where dialogue
written by a thousand monkeys in five minute takes up 98 % of the running time .
`` my uber-fantastical doomsday creature of ultimate doom will take your measly pyramid diamond animal in a single strike !
can not you see
that you have no chance of winning this battle ,
you fool ? !
hahahahhahhaha !
`` `` oh yeah ?
well watch this !
i am about to use my destruction force delta time pie card
which eradicates every single one of your power muncher and render your uber-fantastical doomsday creature of ultimate doom 's destroy beyond all significance attack useless !
i bet you did not see that one coming ! ''
seriously ,
that is all they ever do in this show 
talk .
wherea in another crappy kid ' show i
used to watch ,
namely the commercial phenomenon pok\u00e9mon
( every soccer mum 's pet peeve ) ,
at least the monster had the courtesy
to duke
it out every once in a while 
`` yu-gi-oh '' is just 
in the quiet word of roger ebert 's a clockwork orange review 
`` plain talky and boring '' .
not to mention long-winded
( i realize i am being hypocritical here
considering the sentence i just wrote )
.this show goes on forever .
i do not know
if there is any plot ,
and the static monster have none of the character of pok\u00e9mon .
even when not compared to my fave cartoon as a kid ,
this show sucks .
it is unintentionally funny ,
but not funny enough to be worth seeing .
bye bye 
sleep tight 
dream wet dream .
