today actress happily gain weight ,
dye their hair 
dress like slobs ,
and lose their glamor for a role ,
and bette davis was probably the actress
who started the trend .
even as a pretty young woman
who occasionally wore designer clothe and constance bennett-type makeup in film ,
davis was willing to ravage herself in order to create a character on the outside
as well as the inside.her determination is amply demonstrated here in her eakout film 
`` of human bondage 
''
in which she star with leslie howard as philip carey .
davis play mildred 
a slutty 
manipulative 
greedy low-life to howard 's masochistic 
club-footed philip .
he first meets her
when she is a waitress ,
and she allows him to take her out to dinner and theater
while she frolics with a wealthy older man
( alan hale sr. ) .
in truth 
mildred is repulsed by philip 's club foot .
on his part 
philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirtation and her coolness toward him .
he allows mildred to bleed him dry financially in between boyfriend
who drop her
when they tire of her ,
while he blows off a couple of truly lovely woman
( kay johnson and france dee ) .
when he gets the gumption to throw her out 
mildred trash his apartment and robs him ,
forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodging .
`` of human bondage '' looks rather stilted today in part .
though leslie howard was a wonderful actor and attractive ,
his acting style is of a more formal old school ,
and as a result 
he tends to date
whatever he is in .
he shines in material like his role opposite davis in `` it is love i am after '' or `` the petrified forest ''
which call for his kind of technique .
his dated acting is even more obvious here
because davis was forging new ground with a gritty 
edgy performance
that would really make her name .
if she seems at time over the top ,
she came from the stage ,
and the subtlety of film acting would emerge later for her .
contrast this performance with the restraint 
warmth and gentleness of her henriette in `` all this 
and heaven too '' or the pathos she ought to `` dark victory . ''
she was a true actress and a true artist .
davis really allows herself to look like holy hell ;
mildred 's deterioration is absolutely pathetic
as philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades.an excellent film
in which to see the burgeoning of one of film 's greatest star .
