everybody knows
that gregory widen 's original `` the prophecy '' did not really require a sequel ,
but you also do not need a degree in rocket science hanging above your chimney
to realize
that further cash-in on this profitable horror concept were inevitable .
part two is a very prototypic example of a straight-to-video sequel ,
meaning the creative and convoluted plot of the original has been simplified a lot in favor of more action 
more witty one-liner and a lot more eerie religious scenery .
the only good news is that the producer managed to keep christopher walken for the role of gaiel ,
and he delivers another gloriously azen performance
that promptly justifies the price of a rental .
if it was not for walken 's performance
( and perhaps a couple of player in the supportive cast like brittany murphy and glenn danzig ) ,
`` the prophecy ii '' surely would have disappeared into oblivion straight after its release .
the movie begins with gaiel literally getting spat out of hell
to proceed with his ongoing war of heaven here on earth .
the purpose of his battle this time is to prevent the baby of nurse valerie rosale
( jennifer beal )
from getting born .
for you see 
her unborn child is the first ever hyid between a heavenly angel and an earthly `` monkey '' and the birth of such a superior being would imply the downfall of gaiel 's evil dominion .
thus 
just as in the first movie 
he engages a suicidal accomplice
to assist him and hunt valerie all the way down to the eden for the final showdown .
`` the prophecy ii '' is an endurable
and occasionally even entertaining movie as long
as you do not make comparison with the original and as long
as you manage to overlook the multiple plot hole and error in continuity .
whenever the storyline becomes too tedious ,
the maker luckily enough always insert a near-illiant christopher walken moment to distract you .
his interaction with the rebellious izzy and particularly his ignorance regarding modern earthly technology often result in worthwhile and memorable sequence .
on a slightly off-topic note 
i often felt like `` the prophecy ii '' ambition
to look similar to `` terminator ii '' gaiel 's resurrection looked somewhat like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the eden location ,
where the final battle takes place ,
looks very similar to the steel factory
where `` terminator ii '' ended as well .
coincidence 
i guess ?
overall 
this is an inferior and passable sequel
but still worth checking out in case
you are a fan of christopher walken 's unique acting charisma
( and who is not ?
) .
