man 
i really find it hard to believe
that the wonderful alan ball had anything to do with this mess .
having seen the first two episode thus far ,
i think
i can safely say
this show is not going to be on my must see list .
it is just got so many thing
working against it.none of the actor cast are particularly good .
anna paquin as the lead character sookie 
is just awful .
i remember her being better in a lot of other thing
i have seen her in so maybe
it is just the writing .
she is not really much fun to look at either ,
there are moment where to be honest
she looks downright ugly .
the actor
who plays bill
is marginally better ,
if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof .
the other actor do their best but with the clich\u00e9 character with difficult to perform accent
they are given
it is a tough job .
tara is an absolute misery to watch ,
rutina wesley absolutely murders the accent .
it is like nail on a chalkboard bad .
almost as awful is nelsan ellis ,
it is difficult to understand what he is even saying sometime .
both his character as well as tara 's also seem a bit racist to me .
i do not know ,
having a character
say 'whycome ' on an hbo show
that is not the wire
just seems a bit odd .
rounding out the cast so far are sookie 's doddering grandmother 
her sex addict other ,
and the only bit of genius casting i have seen in william sanderson
as the sheriff.the story seems to be meandering towards
it is destination at this point 
with no real worry
about keeping the viewer interested .
the romance stuff is very dark shadow-sy .
although this show ups the camp factor from something like those old dark shadows episode time about ten .
at time it seemed so campy to me ,
that i just have to assume
it was intended to be .
but unlike a show such as buffy ,
that pulled camp off masterfully ,
this show does not .
out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show .
i am not averse to either of these
when they are done well ,
as they have in many other hbo show
but here at least they prolonged rough sex scene
involving jason stackhouse
seem a bit over the top and pointless.about the only nice thing
i can really think to say about this mess is that i liked the opening title sequence .
hbo has had a string of bad luck with their show lately ,
i hope
they cancel this after the first season
and try to get something better on the air .
