this should be my kind of movie .
even if it sucked 
it still should have been right up my alley ; hell 
i like `` congo 
'' and `` allan quatermaine '' movie .
i have a soft spot in my heart for silly alien/demon/adventure movie .
let 's go over why i decided to watch this in the first place.1 .
horror/sci-fi almost always intrigues me 2. i am a big fan of archaeology ,
and this movie does involve a rare treasure .
3. super-natural enemy with quality fx .
4. christian slater and dorf i generally enjoy .
5. tara reid is hot.so this movie had potential 
at least in the cheese-horror section of the video store ,
but boy did it suck ass .
the only redeeming aspect are slater and dorf ,
and not everyone finds them as entertaining
as i do ... i mean ,
let 's face it 
both are melodramatic .
but now on to some of the many faults.tara reid .
even though the movie as a whole is worse ,
reid 's performance is truly awful .
we are not just talking bad ,
i am talking about nominating tara reid for worst performance of the year .
i do not know
if she is capable of acting ,
but playing the museum curator is simply out of her league ... completely .
watching her try
to carry the roll of educated scientist
was not much different
than what you get watching the setup in bad porn .
i mean this is not just bad ,
it is laughably bad .
oh 
and for those of you curious 
she does not get naked 
only down to a a in a silly ,
totally unnecessary love scene.even with reid 's performance ,
perhaps the movie could have worked ,
but the plot is what dominates ,
and the plot seems written by a 10 year old .
i had not realized this was a video game adaptation
until
after watching the dvd ,
otherwise i would have appreciated the stupidity in real-time .
the storyline jumps back and forth from slater 's childhood at an orphanage
where he gets flashback of something terrible
that happened 
he has amnesia 
of course .
in his adult life slater was recruited by some unit 713 
a paranormal military force
that apparently hunts evil or something .
slater had to leave
because he was too rebellious 
i guess ,
you never really know
unless it was in one of those voice-over i zoned out during .
the movie starts with slater hunting artifact ,
obtaining his latest piece after some dealing with a `` chilean mercenary force
specializing in selling rare antiquity . ''
i may have the exact quote wrong ,
but you get the idea.there is an evil doctor
that wants to unleash some hellion on earth
( no reason given ) ,
experiment on child 
super demon/alien-human hyid 
`` photonic '' bullet
( the demon thing can not stand sunlight )
and 
of course 
slater and dorf
to try to save everyone.jesus ,
i can not even being to wade through the clich\u00e9d element .
the script badly needed reworking
to narrow the focus and provide some depth .
i mean ,
why is this evil scientist so damn evil ?
oh right 
human are doomed
and he is just trying to save the human race .
i guess
he is infected ?
how did that happen ?
oh right he has one of the evil demon thing in a cage and draws its blood
to shoot into himself .
how the hell did that happen ?
why and where did he get the super slugs
( oh yes ,
they use the old sci-fi stand by of parasitic aliens/demon
which `` fuse '' with the spine of their host )
of course 
slater is 
like blade 
half super-slug powered ,
but his slug `` did not fully fuse due to an electrical shock 
'' thank god .
oh 
and the person with these `` fused '' spine 
have no idea
they are half-alien/demon and act as good member of the community
until some secret signal is given whence
they turn killer zombie .
yeah we get zombie.so lot of crap
that could be entertaining ,
but none of it is.also ,
the ending is completely stupid
as everything turns out to be not that big of a deal
to fix in the first place ...
at least nothing a little dynamite can not handle.not the very worst thing
you will see ,
but a truly bad movie .
