in what could have been seen as a coup towards the sexual `` revolution ''
( purposefully i use quotation for that word ) ,
jean eustache wrote and directed the mother and the whore as a poetic 
damning critique of those
who can not seem to get enough love .
if there is a message to this film-
and i would hope
that the message would come only after the fact
of what else this ben-hur length feature has to offer-
it is that
in order to love 
honestly 
there has to be some level of happiness 
of real truth .
is it possible to have two lover ?
some can try ,
but what is the outcome
if no one can really have what they really want ,
or feel they can even express to say
what they want ?
what is the truth in the relationship
that alexandre
( jean-pierre leaud )
has with the woman around him ?
he is a twenty-something pseudo-intellectual 
not with any seeming job
and he lives off of a woman 
marie
( bernadette lafont )
slightly older than him and is usually 
if not alway 
his lover 
his last possible love-of-his-life left him ,
and then right away he picks up a woman
he sees on the street 
veronika
( fran\u00e7oise leun ) ,
who perhaps reminds him of her .
soon what unfolds is the most subtly torrid love triangle ever put on film ,
where the psychological string are pulled with the cruelest word and the slightest of gesture .
at first we think
it might be all about what will happen to alexandre ,
but we are mistaken .
the woman are so essential to this question of love and sex
that they have to be around ,
talking on and on ,
for something to sink in.we are told that part of the sexual revolution 
in theory if not entirely in practice
( perhaps it was ,
i can not say having not been alive in the period
to see it first-hand ) ,
was that freedom led to a lack of inhibition .
but eustache is point ,
if not entirely message ,
is that it is practically impossible to have it both way :
you can not have person love you and expect to get the satisfaction of ultimate companionship
that arrives with `` f***ing '' ,
as the character refer over and over again .
the mother and the whore 's strength as far
as having the theme
is expressing this dread beneath the promiscuity 
the lack of monogamy ,
while also stimulating the intellect in the talkiest talk
you have ever seen in a movie .
at the same time we see a character like alexandre ,
who probably loves to hear himself talk
whether it is about some movie
he saw or something bad from his past ,
eustache makes it so
that the film itself is not pretentious-
though it could appear to be-
but that it is about pretentiousness ,
what lies beneath those
who are covering up for their internal flaw ,
what they need to use
when they are ultimately alone in the morning .
if you thought film like before sunrise/sunset were talky relationship flick ,
you have not met this .
but as eustache revel in the dialog these character have 
sometimes trivial 
or 'deep ' 
or sexual 
or frank 
or occasionally extremely
( or in a subdued manner ) emotional ,
it is never 
ever uninteresting or boring .
on the contrary 
for those
who can not get enough of a *good* talky film ,
it is exceptional .
while his style does not call out to the audaciousness
that came with his forerunner in the nouvelle vague a dozen year beforehand ,
eustache is new-wave touch is with the character ,
and then reverberating on them.this is realism with a spike of attitude 
with thing at time scathing and sarcastic 
crude
and without shame in expression .
all three of the actor are so glued to their character
that we can not ever perceive them as 'faking ' an emotion or going at all into melodrama .
it is almost too good in naturalistic/realism term ,
but for eustache is material there is no other way around it .
luckily leaud deliver the crowning chip of his career of the period 
and both lady 
particularly laun as the `` whore '' veronika
( a claim
she staggeringly refutes in the film 's climax of sort in one unoken shot ) .
and 
as another touch 
every so often ,
the director will dip into a quiet moment of thought 
of a character
sitting by themselves ,
listening to a record ,
and in contemplation or quiet agony .
this is probably the biggest influence on jim jarmusch ,
who dedicated his film broken flower to eustache
and has one scene in particular
that is lifted completely ( and lovingly )
in approach from the late parisian.sad
to say ,
before i saw broken flower ,
i never heard of eustache or this film ,
and procuring it has become quite a challenge
( not available on us dvd ,
and on vh so rare it took many month of tracking at various liary ) .
not a minute of that time was wasted ;
the mother and the whore is truly beautiful work 
one of the best of french relationship dramas ,
maybe even just one of the most staggeringly lucid i have seen from the country in general .
it is complex ,
it is sweet ,
it is cold ,
it is absorbing ,
and it is very long 
perhaps too long .
it is also satisfying on the kind of level
that i would compare to scene from a marriage ;
true revelation about the human condition continue to arise 35 year after each film 's release .
