just cause showcase sean connery as a harvard law prof 
kate capshaw
( does she still get work ? )
as his wife
( slight age difference )
and lawrence fishburne as a racist southern cop
( ! )
and ed harris in a totally over the top rendition of a fundamentalist southern serial killer.weird casting ,
but the movie plays serious mindf** with the audience .
( do not read
if you ever intend to seriously watch this film
or to ever watch this film seriously due to the spoiler )
first of all 
i felt myself rolling my eye repeatedly at the liberal stereotype :
the cop are all sadistic and frame this black guy with no evidence .
the coroner 
witness and even the lawyer of the accused collaborate against him
( he is accused of the rape and murder of a young girl )
because he is black.connery is a harvard law prof
who gives impassioned speech about the injustice against black and against the barbarous death penalty .
he is approached by the convicted man 's grandmother
to defend him
and re-open the trial.connery is stonewalled
( yawn ... )
by the small town official and the good il ' boy club but finds
that the case against blair 
the alleged killer 
now on death row 
was all faicated .
the main evidence was his confession
which was beaten out of him.the beating
was administered by a black cop
( ! )
who even played russian roulette
to get the confession out of him .
connery finds out
that another inmate on death row actually did the murder and after a few tete a tete with a seriously overacting 
hannibal lecter-like ed harris ,
he finds out
where harris hid the murder weapon.he gets a re-trial and blair is freed.i think ...
film over ... .then suddenly !
it turns out
that blair is a psychotic psycho
and that he used `` white guilt '' to enlist connery .
he concocted the story with ed harris in return for blair
carrying out a few murder for harris.now blair is on the loose again 
thank to connery 's deluded pc principle !
the final 30 min .
are a weird action movie
tacked onto a legal drama 
connery and fishburne fighting the serial killer in an alligator skinning house on stilt
( yes ,
you read that right )
in the everglades.that was one weird film.so
the whole system is corrupt and inefficient ,
the cop are all just bully and abu graib type torturer ,
but the criminal are really psychotic and deserve to fry.truly depressing on every level !
the system is completely rotten and the pc white guilt type
who challenge
it are seriously deluded too.two thumb down .
connery obviously had to make a mortgage payment or something .
