this
rather poorly named western series
won an emmy for best syndicated program
and is certainly an interesting series .
it was produced by republic 
the studio
which did action better than anyone ,
and they put their best into it .
each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west .
a railroad detective
named matt clark 
similar to the later elliot ness with the gangster of the 1920 's and 30 's ,
managed to become involved with almost every notorious western outlaw between the middle of the 1800 's and wwi .
the series ' best asset was jim davis .
tall 
rugged 
ruggedly good looking 
in prime shape 
with an authentic western accent 
and great riding skill
which made him utterly convincing in the action scene ,
davis was every inch the western hero .
he was teamed with two lovely and active co-star 
mary castle as `` frankie '' during the first season 
and kristine miller as `` joney '' during the second .
each worked well with davis.what separated this show from its contemporary and much of what came later was the professionalism invested in the action scene .
ace action directer william witney directed 30 episode .
franklin adreon the rest .
both filmed the action with polish .
republic 's vast store of stock footage from serial and b 's was utilized
to give scope .
the level of individual episode rose or fell with the quality of the guest star ought in to the play the outlaw .
among the really good one were marie windsor as belle starr 
lee van cleef as jesse jame 
fess parker as grat dalton 
jean parker as cattle kate 
and joe sawyer and slim pickin as butch cassady and `` the smilin ' kid '' .
the cream of the western up and comer 
pickin 
parker 
denver pyle 
jame best 
and richard jaeckel 
honed their craft .
b veteran with decade of experience under their belt 
harry wood 
glenn strange 
kenneth macdonald 
earle hodgkin 
steve darrell 
and chief yowlachie 
provided the old leather feel
of vintage westerns.the weakness of the concept was that there are only so many famous western outlaw .
by the second season the famous figure were becoming a mite obscure for all by the most dedicated history buff .
nevertheless 
a few of the later show were a match for any 
due to the guest star .
henry brandon portrayed rustler nate champion ,
and former republic star don barry was outstanding
as small-time outlaw milt sharp.western fan or history
buff will want to see this .
