warped take on the pinocchio theme ,
and set during the christma season
( ..after the previous entry abandoned ty to christma )
has booby-trapped toy sent to murder a child
( ..yet through this ,
other victim are accidentally harmed in the process )
perhaps by a toy maker 's `` son '' .
screaming mad george was responsible for the killer toy
( ..including a larvae
which enters a victim 's mouth and out his eye ,
another where soldier toy actually shoot real bullet at a babysitter
after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy 
operating from a remote control ) .
the little target is a mute child
named derek
( william thorne )
whose stepdad was murdered by a red ball with extending arm
that ensnare his face ,
causing him to land on a fireplace poker .
mother sarah
( jane higginson )
worries about her son 's mental state ,
figuring his reluctance toward opening present or 
more importantly ,
talking 
derife from watching her husband 's horrific murder .
derek 's real father 
noah
( tracy fraim )
fears for his so n't safety 
and inform 
reluctantly 
his ex-girlfriend sarah
that the local toymaker 
joe petto
( mickey rooney )
once was arrested for setting trap in toy
to harm kid due to the loss of an unborn child
when his wife was killed in a car crash..kind of a retaliation
in saying
that if he could not have a son ,
then other should not either .
still quite a heavy drinker
( ..often
seen swigging jack ) ,
petto seems to have set aside his feeling toward kid 
but his creepy son pino
( brian bremer )
has not and derek
he harbors angst toward .
why ?
you will soon understand.pretty disappointing special effect and rather goofy premise .
rooney 's name adds an allure to the film ,
gaining it a notoriety ,
but his histrionic can only help so much .
attractive lead actress higginson
( slaughterhouse )
and fraim as the man
who re-enters her life
are not so bad ,
but the lame plot
that develops is hard to take seriously .
i am guessing
that is the point ,
but rooney has no reason to be in such a film
as this..he has no room to ing any personality to his toymaker other than rage and desperation 
quite volatile ,
barely holding himself together
as he explodes in anger toward pino ,
when not downing liquor .
bremer is appropriately weird and `` robotic '' as pino 
longing to have sarah as his mama .
the practical effect
used during the attack on victim
are rather unconvincing..screaming mad george 's work with savage steve holland was far more effective than what we see in this film .
the sex everyone talk about is not as gratuitous as many would have you believe
( ..i can not even recall any nudity ) .
probably the best of the numerous sequel greenlighted ,
but that is not exactly an endorsement .
i am pretty sure written on paper ,
this was an entertaining concept 
the idea of spoofing pinocchio
using horror element ,
but the result does not exactly blow you away .
