i am kinda torn on dark angel .
the film appears to be a `` loving '' tribute to the greatest pin-up
to ever live -
but there is so little actual `` content ''
that the film itself is virtually pointless .
i can not really see what the motivation or `` point '' of this film is -
as there is very little biographical information
provided in the narrative -
so those
who do not know much about bettie
are not gon na know much more
after watching dark angel
either ... the film basically chronicles the last few year of bettie 's career in bondage modeling .
almost the entire film is comprised of `` re-enactment '' of some of bettie 's more `` famous '' photo-shoot and loop .
these re-enactment take up literally 75 % of the film run-time ,
and give virtually no insight into bettie as a person .
the film touch iefly on her short-lived legitimate acting pursuit 
and her subsequent decision
to leave the `` business ''
and become religious -
but all of this is pretty much glossed-over in favor
of showing long and drawn-out re-enactment scene ... dark angel is not a horrible film -
there is just no substance to it .
the other problem is that the actress
that plays bettie only really resembles her in farther away shots - up-close
it is a no-go .
the other thing
that irritated me ,
is that
although bettie did several topless modeling shoot
-
the only nudity in the film was a short segment
shot in a zoo during the end credit .
the film itself is obviously extremely low-budget ,
but does what it can set and costume-wise
within it is limitation - so no gripe from me there .
the acting is pretty wooden and unmemorable from everyone involved .
in fact - the most memorable thing about the whole film for me ,
was noticing during the end credit
that the actor
who played irving klaw 's real name
is dukey flyswatter .
no joke - check the cast list .
can not say
that i recommend this one too highly
unless you are a true bettiefile completist
and must own anything
relating to her .
and if you are that bad off -
then you need to seek treatment anyway ... 4/10
