parker and stone transplant their pacy expletive-ridden humour from their animated masterpiece to a feature length live action film with generally good result .
much of the film is trey and matt running amok with their new toy box .
the plot is simplicity itself :
two average guy invent a new sport 
a blend of driveway basketball with baseball scoring
which becomes a national craze .
along the way
they encounter numerous sporting movie clich
and send them up ,
along with any other bit of popular culture
that comes into their sight .
it runs like a stretched south park episode ,
with the usual machine-gun dialogue 
toilet humour and homily from the heart.if this film has a weakness
it is the association with the team
that gave us `` airplane '' and the `` naked gun '' series .
this influence is clearly seen with the heavy use of lame sight gag and the presence of a glossy and rather two-dimensional yasmine bleeth in the role usually given to priscilla presley .
robert vaughn does a little better
playing the corporate b**tard
that has been his party piece ever since `` bullitt '' and ernest borgnine overact
as only he can ,
but one must admit
he is perfect for the role of the lunatic team owner.for those
who have not noticed yet ,
parker and stone seem to be more comfortable as rock star wannabe than comic .
this manifests in the prominence given to the soundtrack in just about everything they create .
as usual 
they give a good selection here
including the obligatory track
by their own ultra-non-pc vehicle dvda.a special mention must go to dian bachar ,
who deserves some sort of award for enduring the difficult job
of playing stan to parker and stone 's rampaging pair of cartmans.in summary ,
this is an entertaining comedy
which is held back from its full potential by too much reliance on the `` naked gun/airplane '' formula .
parker and stone could do something truly illiant
( or absolutely awful )
if given full control over a future film .
america ,
either lock these guy up or put them in charge .
