almost in the same league as yonfan 's rather atrocious color blossom 
spider lilly drives the point home
that you can make cutting edge cinema
without the edge 
or much in the way
of cutting .
it is a taiwanese film ,
which in this day and age is becoming a novelty at an alarming pace ,
but more than that tidbit ,
we can find very little in the way
of the noteworthy here.you should know
that ostensibly spider lilly is also a lesbian-themed story ,
but in every aspect this is nothing but a plastic ploy to lure in the easily seduced and gullible .
in several way we have here a repeat of fellow recent taiwan release eternal summer .
then it was gay man getting the shortchange treatmant ,
now we have the same thing with woman .
zero chou present 
for your non-existent edification 
a tale likely to titillate at most a fifteen year old .
they managed some of the art house stance ,
but in the end this result in a most inane 
simply uninteresting foray.the hong kong angle comes in the form of isabella leung
( bug me not 
isabella 
diary ) ,
here sporting her most butch look yet .
although somewhat likable in her previous job 
isabella in spider lilly is listless and lacking in most departmants .
either her heart was not into it or the whole lesbian drama pitch did not quite appeal to her sensibilities.she does a taipei tattoo artist
who 's shy 
reclusive and in charge of a mantally challenged younger other ,
played by john shen ,
who thankfully grants the movie its only thespian-related redeeming feature .
isabella 's character 
oddly named takeko but supposedly hailing from hong kong ,
soon hooks up with disaffected youth jade
( rainie yang from fondly-recalled meteor garden ) .
the latter life with her grandmother and has a whole list of grievance due
to being left behind by her parent and life in general .
sure 
the grandmother component works well
and is touching ,
but otherwise jade as a protagonist is just as unmoving as her counterpart takeko.the two woman share a past and lot of inadequately covered angst ,
with jade working as a webcam girl
while takeko keeps her father 's legacy alive with a unique tattoo of a spider lilly emblazoned on her arm .
jade also wants to acquire this very design ,
which leads to takeko exploring internal feeling of the issue via flashback and rather minimal discourse with the spunky jade.well ,
if there is little discourse
to write the homebase about ,
is at least the intercourse memorable ?
in a word 
no .
they kiss and feign doing the nasty close to the end ,
but just as eternal summer reminded us not long ago ,
there is a gulf measured in lightyear between showing sexual content
and making ticket buyer think
they are about to see sexual content.this cynical expectation-building seal spider lilly ' fate .
with a weak story 
ho-hum acting and an overall dearth of relic
to take away from the theater with you ,
this one kind of makes color blossom look good ,
come to think of it .
at least there we got a bit of teresa cheung 's mammary .
no 
spider lilly is no av masterpiece
and should be stricken from the playlist of even the most mundane and timid glb movie festival.amazingly for a pseudo-indie release 
not even the soundtrack and cinematography produce momants of inspiration .
that is just as well ,
since it makes passing on spider lilly much easier .
believe you us ,
avoid it and you will not be missing out on anything good.rating : * *
