i last read
a nancy drew book about 20 year ago ,
so much of my memory of the fictional character is probably faulty .
from what i gathered 
the book were introduced to me at an era
when teenage sleuth were popular to child growing up at the time
( for my case 
the 80s and early 90s ) ,
with hardy boy 
famous five 
and of course 
`` carolyn keene '' 's nancy drew amongst the more famous one .
i still remember those hardcover book with very dated cover illustration 
usually quite heavy
( for a kid )
to lug around ,
and the thickness of the book perhaps attributed to the fact
that the word are printed in large fonts.well ,
the character has been given some update along the way ,
as i recall my sister 's subsequent nancy drew book becoming less thick 
of softcover 
with updated and a more chic nancy illustrated on the cover .
i can not remember
if those story were the same as the old hardcover one ,
but i guess these book ,
being ghostwritten ,
have their fair share
of updating itself for the time.in this warner brothers release of nancy drew ,
the character no doubt gets its update
to suit the time ,
but somehow the writer andrew fleming and tiffany paulsen maintained her 50s- ish small town sensibility ,
thereby retaining some charm and flavour
that erm 
folk like me 
would appreciate .
her fashion sense 
her prim and properness 
even some quirky little behaviour trait
that makes her 
well ,
nancy drew.her family background remains more or less the same ,
living with her single parent father carson drew
( tate donovan ) ,
who is moving his daughter and himself to the big city for a better job opportunity ,
and to wean his daughter off sleuthing in the town of river height .
mom is but a distant memory ,
and the housemaid makes a cameo .
but what made nancy drew work ,
is the casting of emma robert in the lead role .
niece of her famous aunt julia 
she too possess that sprightly demeanour ,
that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile .
her nancy drew ,
while in the beginning does seem to rub you the wrong way ,
actually will grow on you .
and in almost what i thought could be a discarded scene from pretty woman ,
it had the character walk into a classy shop with almost opposite reactions.while dad carson drew try hard to ing nancy out of her sleuthing environment and to assimilate into normal teenage life ,
trust nancy to find themselves living in a house
whose owner 
a hollywood type has been ,
was found murdered under suspicious circumstance .
mystery solving is her comfort food
when she finds herself an outcast of the local fraternity ,
and not before long we are whisked off along with her on her big screen adventure.there is nothing too black dahlia about the crime and mystery ,
and instead it is a pretty straightforward piece for nancy to solve 
in between befriending corky
( josh flitter )
a chubby friend from school 
and pacifying jealous boyfriend ned
( max thieriot ) ,
while hiding the truth of her extra curriculum activity from her dad .
the story 's laced with cheesy fun and an oldie sentimentality
which charm 
and together ,
it becomes somewhat scooby-doo like .
with minimal violence and no big bag gunfight or explosion 
this is seriously a genre
which is labelled clearly with `` chick flick '' alert.i
guess
the movie will generate a new generation of fan ,
rekindle the memory of old one ,
and probably 
just probably 
might spark a new fashion trend of sporting penny loafer .
