parsifal
( 1982 )
starring michael kutter 
armin jordan 
robert lloyd 
martin sperr 
edith clever 
aage haugland and the voice of reiner goldberg 
yvonne minton 
wolfgang schone 
director hans-jurgen syberberg.straight out of the german school of film 
the kind
that favored ton of symbolism and ingmar bergmanesque surrealism ,
came this 1982 film of wagner 's final masterpiece- parsifal ,
written to correspond with good friday/easter and the consecration of the bayreuth opera house .
this film follows the musical score and plot accurately but the manner
in which it was filmed
and performed is bold and avant-garde
and no other parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre cinematography .
syberberg is known for controversial film .
prior to this film he had released film about hitler and nazism 
richard wagner and his personal anti-semitism and a documentary about winifred wagner 
one of his grand-daughter .
this film is possibly disturbing in many aspect .
parsifal
( sung by reiner goldberg
but acted by michael kutter )
is a male throughout the first part of the film
and then 
after the enchantment of kundry 's kiss 
is transformed into a female .
this gender-bending element displays the feminine/masculine/ying-yang nature of the quest for the holy grail ,
which serves all mankind and redeems it through christ 's blood .
in the pagan sorcerer klingsor 's fortress 
there are photograph of such notoriously sinister figure as hitler 
nietzche 
cosima wagner and wagner 's mistress matilde wesendock .
the swaztika flag hang outside the fortress .
parsifal journey into the 19th and 20th century throughout the film .
the tempting flower maiden are in the nude .
kundry is portrayed as a sort of beautiful but corrupt mary magdalene or eve from genesis
( played by edith clever
but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano yvonne minton ) .
ultimately 
this film is for fan of this type of bizarre germanic/european symbolic metafiction and for intellectual
who appreciate the symbolism 
the history and lover of wagner opera .
indeed 
the singing is grand and compelling .
reiner goldberg 's parsifal is a focused and intense voice
but it lacks the depth and overall greatness of the greater parsifal of the stage - jame king 
wolfgang windgassen 
rene kollo and today 's own placido domingo .
yvone minton is a sensual-voiced 
dramatic and exciting kundry ,
delving into her tormented state perfectly .
while the production is certainly unorthodox and as un-wagnerian
as it can possibly get
( wagner 's concept was christian ceremonial pomp with grail 
spear 
castle 
knight and wounded king 
a dark sorcerer 
darkness
turning into light 
etc typical wagnerian theme )
..it is still an enjoyable 
art-house film .
