'nobody knows
anybody ' is a conspiracy theory thriller about a satanist/nut bomber targeting the religious festivity of seville during holy week .
he also happens to be the best friend of the film 's hero .
the plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game 
with himself and the hero as player 
and seville as the virtual environment .
the very real alley and street of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine quality of those old pacman-type game .
looked at this way 
the scene
where the hero and his female sidekick are chased by black-hooded penitent with raygun may
not seem as silly as it plays .
from the start 
we are aware
that the narrative is being constructed as a game
- the hero 's job is to create crossword puzzle for a popular newspaper ;
at one point 
the crossword grid on his screen becomes the chessboard
on which he is later playing against his girlfriend 's father .
clue are liberally scattered ,
as the camera mystifyingly closes in on image
that are only later
shown to have been significan not ( e.g .
the advert in the bar ) .
the detective/paper chase element are made part of a game in progress 
rather than an investigation after the fact .
the film borrows heavily on 'se7en '' s pattern narrative ,
and anyone with a catholic education will presumably get the significance of certain event happening on certain day in the run up to easter.in this reading ,
the game is on the level of narrative 
with the hero fighting against an enemy
( in this case 
the computer )
to win
and save the day .
but there is a second game ,
the film itself ,
which subvert the first .
there are another set of of clue
which point not to the killer 's intention 
but the filmmaker 's and his hero 's .
in the first ten minute there are reference to chess 
a writer
called navokov and a cult leader
called sarin .
if we remember
that the chess-loving nabokov 's 1930s pseudonym was sirin ,
we see another game afoot ,
one
where we suspect not the villain ,
but the hero himself .
in a nabokov novel like 'pale fire ' 
an author-figure creates a text
which is designed to hide his own motive 
provoking a game between writer and reader to uncover the real text .
throughout the film are scene
which are visually distorted
( e.g .
the image contracting ) ,
or which are ambiguously defined dream and hallucination
that make us suspect the hero 's point of view .
the opening reference to game are all linked to him .
in the early sequence 
much is made of the character 's sexual and creative impotence ,
so the film could be his attempt to master his life ,
to be a winner ,
in a way he can not for real .
no sooner has he won the game than his writer 's block vanish ;
the word
he types are the title of the film ,
suggesting
he is the overall author .
further ,
that title in spanish reflects on itself negatively 
a very nabokovian involution
that suggests a hero 
like kinbote ,
trapped in his own solecism.this jumble of post-modern literature
( borge 
eco 
pynchon et al are alluded to also ) 
fincher 
'x-file ' 
'run lola run ' 
chris marker
( the idea of the city and its history as a map and a text ;
and as a cultural history haunting the present ) ,
bunuellian anti-clericism 
and alex de la iglesia 's 'shock ' film result in a film
that is just that 
a jumble 
each clever-clever allusive element cancelling out the last 
dissipating interest .
the lack of clarity about the game 's rule render it incomprehensible ,
and eventually wearing .
ironically 
in a work of such overdetermined artifice 
the film 's main interest lies in its documentary quality 
as a record of a narrative
taking place in a real city with its own event
taking place independently .
such an ambiguous blurring of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like 'san soleil ' or 'london ' ,
but 
ultimately 
you need to have a light touch
to match your cleverness .
