`` rois et reine '' is a sprawling mess of a movie
which will probably irritate as many viewer
as it delights .
it focuses by turn on ex-lover nora
( emanuelle devos )
and ismael
( mathieu amalric )
as they each confront a major crisis in their now separate life .
while nora 's story is played straight
and is some in tone ,
ismael 's is played mainly for laugh ,
although it is not particularly funny .
nora 's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father louis
( maurice garrel ) ,
and ismael 's by his sudden incarceration in a mental hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party .
ismael and louis are just two of the male
who have shaped nora 's life ,
and in turn have been shaped by her ,
the most notable other being her now deceased first lover pierre and their young son elias .
as event past and present are played out for the audience ,
and the ex-lover become involved in each other 's life once more ,
it gradually emerges
that nora 's personal take on her life story may be less reliable
than first meets the eye.cult director arnaud desplechin has fashioned a considerable oddity here 
one
which has garnered major plaudit in france .
he wilfully eschews established narrative convention
and develops the movie via a series of dramatic shift in mood and tone .
had this approach been founded on a coherent unifying core idea
or theme it might have worked ,
but it is not clear in the end
what exactly desplechin 's film is actually about .
heavy-handed allusion to greek mythology and freudian theory are evidently freighted with meaning but 
at least for this unschooled movie-goer 
remain less than helpful in illuminating
and interpreting the life of the character .
at other time
the treatment lapses into kitsch
but the use of the anodyne `` moon river ''
as the film 's theme tune suggests
this is probably deliberate .
**spoiler alert** i suspect a major theme of the movie is the not very original observation
that
how we see ourselves can differ radically from how other see us
or even how we think
other see us .
this idea is most obviously represented in the film by the violent death of pierre and the revelation contained in louis ' secret diary ,
but unfortunately both event seem entirely disconnected from what has otherwise been revealed to the audience of pierre and louis ' respective relationship with nora .
this seems a cheat on desplechin 's part ,
as if he is thrusting the idea
upon us in unmediated form
rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative .
one or two darkly surreal touch imply
the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of person stripped frighteningly bare ,
but again these are felt more as pretentious intrusion of film-making technique rather than eruption from a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in the story .
in fact 
for all its heavy-handed hint at depth 
the character are curiously undeveloped and unnuanced ,
as if they function more as cipher for their creator 's many idea about person rather than as real person in their own right .
much of the detail of their life seems arbitrarily applied rather than organic .
for example 
ismael ,
as we are constantly reminded ,
is a viola player 
but more than two hour pass
before we actually see or hear him play ,
and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession upon his personality is never elaborated .
hence 
he may just as well be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist .
amalric ings a certain manic charm to the unhinged but ultimately sane ismael ,
but i found devos cloying and monotone
( which may be intentional 
however )
as the elusive nora .
meanwhile jean-paul roussillon as ismael 's father 
elsa wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and magalie woch as the psychically wounded
but defiant sinologist
he befriends in hospital
make the biggest impact amongst the supporting actor .
catherine deneuve 's in it 
too ,
though her role is little more than a self-referential cameo.ultimately ,
`` rois et reine '' is very much an acquired taste .
should it fail to push your button ,
it is very likely that desplechin 's undisciplined and florid approach will frustrate and exasperate
even as you somehow keep watching .
