once in a while ,
a film comes along
that raises the bar for every other film in its genre .
a film of this caliber will influence many film
following its release for year
to come .
`a chinese ghost story ' fall in this category .
it is arguably one of the best horror film
made during the 1980 's ;
possibly one of the best ever made.the filmmaker have crafted a movie
that appeal to every horror fan .
the story is engrossing and original .
the villain are appropriately menacing and frightening .
the set are creepy and atmospheric .
there is even a little blood and gore
to satisfy the splatter fan of the house .
but do not let the `horror ' label scare you off ,
if you are not a fan of the genre .
this film easily fits into many different categories.the screenwriter has deftly blended the drama 
comedy 
horror 
kung fu 
and romance genre into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza .
`a chinese ghost story ' is a beautiful epic love story told 
thankfully ,
without the gratuitous nudity and/or explicit sex scene
that have ruined many hollywood `love story ' .
those put off by the romantic element of the story can sit back and revel in the fast-paced swordplay and `wire-fu ' .
if that is not enough ,
actor leslie cheung and wu ma provide enough humorous situation to satiate your appetite for comedy .
this film offers something for every film fan.director siu-tung ching and producer tsui hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film .
leslie cheung proves
that he is not only a gifted actor ,
but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian .
i can not possibly think of a performer other than cheung
who could have portrayed ling choi sin better
( except maybe chow yun fat ) .
joey wang is enchanting as lit su seen 
the enslaved spirit
who steals the heart of cheung 's character .
her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable .
wu ma is hilarious
as the can notankerous taoist
who aids the young lovers.on technical level ,
this film is very impressive 
even by today 's standard .
the direction is superb .
i wish
that today 's hollywood executive would seek out talented artist like siu-tung ching rather falling back on the usual mtv video or pepsi commercial `director ' .
the cinematography is gorgeous .
you have to commend any cinematographer
who can make a film look good
when most of its pivotal scene take place in the dead of night .
the special effect make-up is top-notch .
in fact 
most of the creature effect in this film blow away the shoddy cgi ghouls and goblin
that have become commonplace in modern horror film.since its release ,
`` a chinese ghost story '' has spawned two worthy sequel 
a full-length animated movie 
and countless imitation .
none of the film
that followed it or copied
it were able to capture the magic of this classic 
however .
this film is required viewing for any horror fan
or just anyone looking for great way
to spend 95 minute of your time .
10 out 10 .
