'umi wa miteita '
( 'the sea is watching ' )
was akira kurasawa 's swansong to film :
his adaptation of his favored novelist shugoro yamamoto 's story into a screenplay
he intended to film
was his final mark
he left on a illiant career .
director kei kumai pays homage to both kurosawa and yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of word to image.set in 19th century japan ,
the story explores the life of the woman of a geisha house
whose sole purpose in life is to earn money by pleasuring man .
the house is run by an older couple
who are genteel
and the geishas are an enchanting group of woman
who know their trade
and take pride in their career .
each has a reason
for turning to the life of geisha .
oshin
( nagiko tono )
supports her family
who live in a neighboring village ,
kikuno
( misa shimizu )
has customer both good and evil
whom she manages to sustain with her story of her higher caste .
oshin befriends an endangered samurai 
falls in love with the gentle fellow ,
only to find
that he must not marry out of his caste
and leaves his pleasure with oshin
to marry his promised betrothed .
oshin 's heart uises easily but is always supported emotionally and physically/monetarily by kikuno and the other geishas.a handsome samurai ryosuke
( masatoshi nagase )
enters oshin 's life
and develops the first trusted and devoted relationship with her .
kikuno is beset by problem ,
deciding whether to accept the humble love of an old man
who wishes to marry her ,
and coping with a rich but abusive customer .
all the while the sea is watching
and as a typhoon destroys the geisha house and street 
oshin and kikuno sit atop the roof
waiting for the promised rescue by ryosuke .
the manner
in which the story ends is one of sacrifice 
love 
and devotion .
the sea is watching
and will find protection for true love.the photography by kazuo okuhara is eathtakingly beautiful :
night
scene with glowing lantern and colorful geisha interior are matched with recurring glimpse of the sea both calm and turbulent .
the acting is a bit strained for edo art ,
but the character are well created
and keep the story credible .
the one distraction
which is definitely not something
kurosawa
would have condoned is the tacky western music score
that sounds like cheap soap opera filler except for the isolated momants
when real japanese music on authentic instrumants graces the track .
but in the end there is enough of kurosawa 's influence to imbue this film with his and of dreamlike wonder
that will always maintain his importance on world cinema .
grady harp
