new york 
i love you finally makes it to our shore ,
but its 10 short story on love somehow did not find reason enough to be released over valentine 's 
probably due to the fact
that this year 's festival also falls on lunar new year ,
and with that comes the usual lny blockbuster film from the like of jackie chan
( no 
not the spy next door )
and local filmmaker jack neo
who has traditionally released his latest film over that period to resounding success .
so why fix a formula
that has not been oken ? continuing in concept where paris 
je t'aime had begun in spawning the city of love franchise
( shanghai will be next ,
so says the end of the closing credit here ) ,
the buzz here is definitely about the intertwining story set in one of the city of the world
to allow for various interpretation from filmmaker all over to come up with story
based on love as a theme 
although someone probably forgot to tell scarlett johansson some of the finer point in the sandbox ground rule ,
and her short was unceremoniously dropped from the theatrical edition for being unable to fit into everything else ( well 
it was shot in black and white ) ,
but here is hoping
that it would make it to the dvd at least.structurally ,
this series is less compartmentalized compared to its predecessor ,
which
if memory serve me right
had individual story set within its own confine
and never really eaking out of its artificial border created .
here a little more leeway is given ,
where character from various story interact in short filler segment
used to idge scene together ,
and not just solely reliant on pick up shot made up of building and landscape ,
in hope of making thing look a little bit more serendipitous with the idea of chance encounter amongst stranger ,
though one story craftily adopted this mindset for its own narrative
to deliver a surprise ,
though already seen in paris.one of the top draws
for sitting through a film like this one ,
is definitely the creative force
behind the story 
from writer 
director and cinematographer from various geography and background mirroring the makeup of the cosmopolitan city 
coming together for a concept film .
and what more the star-studded cast too ,
with big name amongst
the lesser known one all upping the ante through picture perfect performance ,
be it for the entire length of the short 
or as a support
to build upon .
you can not deny the initial star-gazing
in recognizing the notable 
from irrfan khan to natalie portman
( who also had writing and directing duty ) ,
rachel bilson
( looking quite like bardot )
to spielberg 's blue eye boy shia labeouf ,
who surprisingly can act ,
and shows off more in his few minute here than his entire filmography to date.story wise 
like any anthology 
you will find some
which will automatically appeal to you ,
and with other that do not .
some are straightforward in nature ,
while other have to come up with gimmicky twist
that thankfully worked .
but these 10 story plus 1
( because randall balsmeyer was given duty to integrate everything together for a more organic feel
instead of just plain pick up shot of lesser
known area and established landmark )
somehow lacked the more `` anything goes '' spirit from its predecessor 
with story more rooted in reality ,
compared to some fantastical element in the previous film
( elijah wood 's dalliance with a vampire anyone ?
) 
or even less adventurous with its narrative style
( christopher doyle 's 
and tom tykwer 's starring natalie portman ) .
here it seemed
that the filmmaker opted very much for safe ,
with none venturing into that spirit of adventure and experiment.minor quibble aside 
i still enjoyed almost all the short here ,
contrary to what many other have felt about it .
the short film format is still very much alive ,
and having them strung together into a feature under the city of love banner works fine ,
and left me wondering
which other city are or have been included in its lineup .
i am hoping
that perhaps the franchise will catch on and spread its influence here .
we surely have enough prolific filmmaker to be stringing together a singapore 
i love you ,
so here is crossing my finger
that maybe something will materialize down the road .
otherwise there is always the sawasdee bangkok route of just making it without any attachment to franchise house rule .
