first animated feature film from ireland is also one of the best animated film i have ever seen .
its a real wart and all story
that is unlike any of the other oscar nominee and any other film from this year or any other year.the plot of the film has the abbot of kell 
a village in ireland building a wall around his town
to prevent the viking from destroying the town should
they ever attack .
his nephew brendon 
is a young monk
who does the best
he can but meets the ire of his uncle
by doing thing in his own time .
when a legendary illuminator aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery ,
brendon drift towards him and his warm personality .
much to his uncle 's chagrin aiden offer to teach brendon how to illuminate .
in order to help aidan work on his great book ,
saved from his destroyed monastery ,
brendan goes out into the forest
to get material
to make ink .
while outside the wall he meets ashley ,
a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship .
unfortunately the abbot finds out
that he went outside the wall
and there is hell to pay .
but lurking in the distance are the viking ... forget
what you think
you know about this film you are wrong .
even what i have explained does not do this film justice .
its a simple story
with so much more going on .
this is a wonderful movie
about trying to find your way in the world 
over coming demon
and finding the beauty of the world outside of the wall .
( as the film says
the world is a dangerous place
and does not cease to be
even if you build wall )
.its a film
that treats its audience as adult and deal with all of life
including the darkness .
there is death and destruction and joy and happiness .
its not sugar coated .
person die .
monster lurk .
( it freaked out some of the kid ) ,
but in the end there is hope .
frankly the darkness in this film is completely unlike anything in any recent american film .
forget the `` sadness '' in a pixar film ,
this is the real thing ,
and its refreshing and it shows
how homogenized even pixar has become.its a genndy tartakovsky-esquire
( samurai jack )
animated film
who 's look
is actually based upon the the celtic art of the period .
its a film
that looks unlike any other .
here again is another film
that takes the movie frame
and uses it in every way possible .
the image are designed to fill the available space as much as possible .
often the film manipulated thing
to make it look like a page in the legendary book of kell .
its stunningly beautiful and best described
as art come to life.director tomm moore
has fashioned a film
that is a masterpiece .
i can not say more than that .
its a masterpiece .
its one of the best animated film i have ever run across .
