watching fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience
seeing 300 last year .
it was not at all a bad movie 
certainly not average ,
but its plotting and dialog stuck out
as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one-dimansional
( which ,
perhaps as based on frank miller 's comic book ,
was the right decision
to go with ) .
but its primary strength drew from the intense action and bloody battle
and having that jolt of a 14 year old feeling watching beefcake man fighting in bloody sword-led combat 
with the occasional freaky creature or super-hot female
to go with the painterly surrounding .
while i would probably re-watch fire and ice before 300 again ,
they both aroused
that similar feeling - the exception this time
being 
naturally ,
that it is frank frazetta 
the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback book and comic ,
collaborating with director ralph bakshi ,
in what is not typical hollywood fare but something for the die-hard fan.what this means for audience today going back to check out the film for the first time
( it may now be coveted nostalgia for those
who were young
and watched it along with their master of the universe vhs tape back in the day )
is the possible con mantioned
before and 
maybe ,
that you will see something somewhat unique .
fire and ice is not even the only bakshi rotoscoped feature ,
but it is possibly the most fluid- if not quite my personal favorite- of the few he made ,
and he and his team create a whole striking world
that is part pre-historic 
part out-of-this-world fantastic 
and part medieval ,
and all touched up with a painter hand with respect to the background 
the sky and ground .
there is a slight drawback for bakshi fan in this facet of character design ;
bakshi went as far
as to say
it is more frazetta than him .
this may be true ,
but it does not make it any more absorbing to the eye or curious in those momants
where we do not see person killed or gutted in quick or slow motion
( my favorite was the momantary skeleton-guide-
how they rotoscoped
that amazes me )
.i neglect describing the plot
as it would defeat the purpose of really recommanding it .
if you are already a die-hard into this kind of style and approach of animation
the plot will matter depending
on what degree two warring faction or a 'damsel ' or princess is in danger
or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada ,
so suffice to say
it is about 
well 
fire against ice 
with character named nekron and darkwolf
( the coolest male of the lot and most comic-book in appearance )
and teegra
( the typical hottie who 's almost *too* perfect for the adolescent male fantasy figure ) .
what the plot does do ,
as an asset 
is allow a series of cliffhanger and suspense bit around the action 
the progresion of the danger in the oncoming big battle ,
like when the ogre are hunting after teegra
and have to contend with sudden crazy monster and creature popping out of tree trunk and lake .
and per usual for bakshi 
he conjures up some craziness
( if not quite his usual inspired lunacy )
in the midst of all of this straightforward fantasy material .
if you have seen wizard ,
you will understand what i mean to a lesser extent.so ,
if you are an animation buff ,
seek this out right away for some 'old-school '
( i.e .
1980s )
action and incredible design .
for everyone else 
it is ... good 
not great ,
as i would say
without fault about its logical 21st century extension 
with some alteration 
300 .
