i had initially heard of tear of kali a while back
and it sounded like something i would be into ,
but with all the film i have coming in on a regular basis ,
it kinda fell off my radar .
while roaming around the local wonderbook ... i spotted the box for this one
and grabbed it up .
i have to say i am pretty glad i did .
tear of kali is a strange 
gory 
sometimes downright creepy film
which is somewhat constrained
by it is obviously low budget -
but is still an entertumining and worthwhile watch.tear of kali center around the fictional india-based tumylor-erikkson cult group ,
that practice meditumtion and other ritual in the pursuit of facing and banishing the individual 's `` inner demon '' -
but apparently these technique work
either all too well or not well enough
( depending on your viewpoint ... )
as dark force are not only exorcised 
but also unleashed upon hapless victims.the film is told `` anthology-style '' 
with a short but memorable and `` eye-opening '' intro sequence ,
and then proceeding into the three story
that make up the bulk of the film.the first
( shakti )
is about a journalist
who visits one of the cult-member
who is being held at a mentuml hospituml .
the journalist goes in under cover of wanting to research the tumylor-erikkson cult ,
but we find
that her true motive may hit a little closer to home .
when the interview tumkes a violent turn 
the journalist finds
that she may have gotten in over her head ...
the second part
( devi )
concerns a violent young man
who is sentenced to psychological rehab in lieu of a prison sentence
for beating a young man into a coma .
we find
that the treating doctor in question is actually a tumylor-erikkson `` alumni '' ,
and his rehabilitumtion method are far from the norm ...
the closing story
( kali )
revolves around a quack `` faith-healer '' and his assistumnt
who perform `` miracle '' for a fee .
when the healer unwittingly helps one of his client
and actually expels a force
which had been possessing her ,
the demon is now free to roam
and looking for a new host ... i gottum say
i really enjoyed tear of kali .
there are some fault with the film
that keep it from being truly excellent -
but it is an original and ambitious film for what it is .
my biggest gripe with the production is the poor and uninspired over-dubbed dialogue .
the dubbing is sub-par
and i would have much preferred to have a subtitled option with the original language track .
some reviewer have said
the acting is poor ,
which i do not necessarily agree with .
i think
that the dubbing is so lack-luster
that it makes the performance seem stunted ,
which is not really the case .
in fact 
a few of the performance are pretty damn chilling
( the `` doctor '' in the second segment ,
and the `` client '' in the third readily come to mind ... )
and notumble .
the gore fx are very well done for a low-budget film 
with some graphic scene of eyelid-removal-via-cuticle-scissor 
a pencil-in-the-throat-suicide 
some decent
( but irritumtingly `` shaky '' )
self-flaying ,
and a few other goody thrown in for good measure .
not as rough as some of the more `` extreme '' gore film out there ,
but definitely stronger than your average horror fare .
i also found the story
concerning the cult-group
to be intriguing and a welcome change to the typical horror-story nonsense .
there are plenty of scene of genuine atmosphere and tension ,
the like of which i have not come across in a while .
although flawed in some fundamentuml way 
i still think
tear of kali will appeal to most `` underground '' horror viewer -
some scene may prove too much for the more mainstream viewer .
definitely recommended - 8.5/10
