after seeing the low-budget shittier version of the `` universal soldier '' franchise ,
i hoped and prayed
that van damme reprised his role as luc devoreaux in a second unisol movie .
well 
it seemed this prayer was answered ,
but not the way i hoped .
universial soldier 2 is just intense as poetry
reading at your local liary .
no 
even that would be more intriguing .
the fight sequence are top-notch 
bruce lee quality ,
which is the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture .
that and having former wcw tough-guy legend `` goldberg '' playing the villain .
however 
placing goldberg as seth 's sidekick lieutenant would 've been better.we offended me the most was the setting of the movie itself .
it is like some film school student slapped it together .
the plot hole are that bigger than kanye west 's ego is what really did this movie in .
for example :
luc 's daughter 
hillary look like
she is at least 11-13 year old
and the first movie was filmed only seven year ago .
how is that possible ?
tell me that !
the part in which luc 's partner was killed off
and turned into a unisol
is just re-goddamn diculous !
you mean to tell me
that there was an experimental unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie .
c'mon .
the director could have spent more time with this movie like the first one and sewn all the plot hole shut .
but oooh nooo !
speaking of the plot ,
it sucks !
compared to the first movie 
universal soldier 2 's plot watered down and worthless .
where is the gritty thrill
in which a unisol goes berserk an re-enact his last memory in a supermarket rampage
thinking its desert storm or something ?
this was the dawn of the millennium ,
you would attracted more of an audience
if this had taken place in a dystopia/orwellian type of future cesspit .
corny is the correct adjective
to describe this sad 
sad 
sad sequel .
from what i seen :
double impact 
under siege 2 
robocop 3 
and hell 
even the cheap-ass/no class terminator knock-off `` class of 1999 '' is more entertaining than this !
