robert altman should not make a movie like this ,
but the fact
that he did-
and that it turns out to be a reasonably good and tightly-wound thriller in that paperback-tradition of grisham thrillers- shows a versatility
that is commendable .
in the gingeread man he actually has to work with something
that 
unfortunately 
he is not alway very successful at ,
or at least it is not the first thing on his checklist as director :
plot .
there is one of those big 
juicy almost pot-boiler plot
where a sleazy lawyer gets caught up with a desperate low-class woman and then a nefarious figure
whom the woman
is related with enter their life in the most staggering way 
twist and plot ensue 
yada yada .
and it is surprising that altman would really want to take on one of these `` i saw
that coming from back there ! ''
ending ,
or just a such a semi-conventional thriller.but
it is a surprise
that pays off because 
oddly enough 
altman is able to catch some of that very fine behavior 
or rather is able to unintentionally coax it out of a very well-cast ensemble 
of a small-town georgian environment .
the film drip with atmosphere
( if not total superlative craftsmanship ,
sometimes it is good
and sometimes just decent for altman ) ,
as savannah is possibly going to be hit by a big hurricane and the swamp and marsh and rain keep thing soaked and muggy and humid .
so the atmosphere is really potent ,
but so are performance from ( sometimes )
hysterical kenneth branaugh 
embeth davitz as the 'woman '
who lawyer branaugh gets
caught up with 
and robert downey jr
( when is he *not* good ? )
as the private detective in branaugh 's employ .
did i neglect robert duvall ,
who in just five minute of screen time makes such an indelible impression to hang the bad-vibes of the picture on ?
as said ,
some of the plot is a little weak 
or just kind of standard
( lawyer is divorced 
bitter custody battle looms 
innocent and goofy kid ) ,
but at the same time i think
altman saw something captivating in the material ,
something darker than some of the other grisham works
that has this standing out somehow .
if it is not entirely masterful ,
it still works on its limited term as a what-will-happen-next mystery-southern-noir .
