i just saw the third week of stephen king ' nightmare and dreamscape mini series ;
meaning 
i saw 6 episode so far .
i have to say
that the story are really weak .
i have read stephen king 's skeleton crew 
a collection of his short story
that was published way back .
i recall most of the story were average to poor
but there was one
that was really excellent ,
if not outstanding.what i am trying to say is that
just because this mini series is from a collection of story from stephen king does
not mean
that it will be any good .
in fact ,
if his previous collection of short story are of any indication ,
then most of this mini series will be average to poor.in stephen king 's defense ,
i have not read these new short story .
perhaps they are good as story in a book
and not readily adaptable to television ,
or perhaps it was the fault of the scriptwriter
in trying to write an interesting script .
who knows .
also 
these short story may have been made exclusively for this mini series and not not for print purpose .
maybe that may have been the problem .
if stephen king had submitted these crap story to an editor ,
i am sure
the editor would have immediately told him to make it more interesting
because as is ,
it is simply boring.what is clear from all of this is
that the problem is with the story/script and not the actor and actress
because this mini series has some excellent person
acting on it.seeing this mini series really makes me appreciate those old `` twilight zone '' series .
each series was only half an hour
but it was compelling and riveting .
i do not understand
why this mini series could not accomplish similar feat .
i am
sure this mini series had a good deal of money
to make a good mini series but unfortunately ,
something must not have clicked.for instance ,
this week there were two episode shown .
the first involved a horror story writer
who buys a picture drawn by an artist
who committed suicide .
the writer begins to see change in the picture
as he is driving homeward .
feeling uncomfortable 
he throws away the painting
but it keeps appearing near him .
also 
the portrait of an individual in that picture is killing person
and is out to kill him .
( i will not even mention the second episode for this week
involving criminal and their loot
because it was even more boring than this episode !
) this premise is interesting
and so the story should be good
but
after seeing it ,
i was frustrated
because there were too many gap in the story as well as extraneous material
that was shown
that did nothing to help the story .
after the last scene 
i was left with more question than answers.i tried for 3 week to get into this mini series
but it was just too aggravating due to poor story/script .
if this was a movie ,
i would have recommended
that person should wait for the movie
to come out on cable or such .
i would not even recommend
that it be rented in your video store .
however ,
given
that this is on tnt 
a cable channel ,
i would say
if you have not seen it already ,
then try it for one week .
if you do not like it that week ,
then you will not like the past series nor the future one ,
since they all share the same boring trait .
