a young solicitor from london 
arthur kidd is sent to a small coastal town of crythin gifford
to oversee the estate of a recently passed away widow mrs drablow .
while attending her funeral ,
a mysterious lady dressed in black catch his attention .
supposedly drablow lived a reclusive life ,
and local kept pretty quiet about her .
after this he heads to mrs drablow mansion
that can only be reached on a causeway through the swamp during low tide .
there he encounters the woman in black again in cemetery out back of the house ,
and thing begin to get creepy as terrifying noise
start coming from the marsh .
now can mrs drablow 's belonging
and listening to her recorded dairy entry help kidd figure out this gloomy mystery
that the local fear to talk about.often highly regarded amongst horror fan
as being one of the most chilling ghost story ever
and i can see their point .
but only in dose does it draw upon tag .
yes ,
from what you can gather i was left a 'little ' under-whelmed ,
despite really liking it .
i was expecting goose bump throughout the whole feature ,
but that is probably it expecting .
mainly i had a similar reaction with the 1980 haunted house thriller 'the changeling ' .
when you hear so many good thing ,
it is sometimes hard not get caught up with it.anyhow what the british tv presentation of `` the woman in black '' effectively does is ing out a truly old-fashion 
slow burn spine-tingling premise
driven by its moody location 
disquieting atmosphere and first-rate performance .
subtly blankets the psychologically gripping story
( adapted off susan hill 's novel of the same name ) ,
as the simple mystery authentically opens up with a depressingly tragic tone
and successfully characterises its protagonist .
little seems to happen ,
and can feel drawn out ,
but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard .
whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black .
who mostly appears as a background figure ,
it is ultimately creepy .
she might not appear all that much ,
but when she does .
talk about unnerving !
that also goes for that downbeat conclusion .
pauline moran ,
who plays the woman in black ,
competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning .
a pale look and those minor mannerism just seem to haunt you .
she is a spirit
you do not want to cross path with ,
yet alone let her see you .
an accomplished performance by a marvelously moody adrian rawlins as the solicitor arthur kidd does hold it all together .
in support are solid turn by bernard hepton 
david daker 
clare holman and david ryall.drawing heavy on its lushly some rural town and foggy coastal location adds more to the realistically eerie plight and the centre piece were everything unfold in the forlorn 
time-worn victorian house
that comprehensively suffocates the air with constant fear .
director herbert wise carefully faicates alarming imagery
that slowly cover one secretive piece at a time in a smoothly paved out rhythm of well-judged contriving .
instead of going out to shock us ,
some scene contain a distressing intensity
that will not let go .
the sound effect are masterfully used ,
by surrounding and disorienting the air .
rachel portman 's harrowing musical score knows how to get under your skin during those eerie moment
and then stay with you.this rarity made-for-television feat is a stimulating rich and unsettling supernatural spook-fest .
it might not share much new to the sub-genre ,
but it competently sticks to it strengths
to deliver what counts in this curse .
