despite being quite far removed from my expectation ,
i was thoroughly impressed by dog bite dog .
i rented
it not knowing much about it ,
but i essentially expected it to be a martial art/action film in the standard hong kong action tradition ,
of which i am a devoted fan .
i ended up getting something entirely different ,
which is not at all a bad thing .
while the film could be classified as such ,
and there is definitely some good action
and hand to hand combat scene in the film ,
it is definitely not the primary focus .
its character are infinitely more important to the film than its fight 
a rather uncommon thing in many hong kong action movies.i was really quite surprised by the intricacy of the character and character relationship in the film .
the lead character ,
played by edison chen
( who is really very good ) ,
becomes infinitely more complex by the end of the film
than i ever thought
he would be after watching the first thirty minute .
the police character also defied my expectation thoroughly .
in fact 
the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film .
i do not know
that i would say
dog bite dog entirely subverts typical notion of bad criminal 
good cop ,
but it certainly distorts them in way
not often seen in film
( unfortunately ) .
so many film 
especially hong kong action film i find 
portray police in what is frankly a very ignorantly idealized light .
this is one of my least favorite thing about the genre .
i was pleasantly surprised to see
that dog bite dog actually had some very unique ,
and really quite courageous ,
idea to present about the police force .
there are negotiation scene in this film
that i have never seen the like of before ,
and doubt i will ever see again ,
and am sure i will remember for quite a while .
also 
the criminal character are shown from an interesting perspective as well ,
there is some documentary footage in the film of cambodian boys no older
than ten being made
to fight each other to the death with their bare hand ,
which
i thought
was one of the film 's most powerful and moving moment .
it says
a lot about the reason
these guy are the way
they are ,
rather than simply condemning them .
also 
the relationship between chen 's character and the girl he meets in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character .
it was not until this element entered the film
that i really started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than only a visceral one .
there is something about most on screen relationship
that does not quite get through to me ,
but for some reason this one really did .
the actress does an incredible job with this role
which i imagine was not easy to play.dog bite dog
also features some really eathtaking cinematography ,
all
though it is unfortunately rather uneven .
there were some moment
that i found really striking 
particularly in the last segment of the film ,
but there was also a good deal of camera work
that was just ok. another slight problem i
had was with the pacing ,
which
i also felt
was uneven .
i found a lot of the `` looking for a boat '' scene
to be a little alienating ,
all though it quickly picks up after that .
the action scene are short
and not too plentiful ,
but are truly powerful and effecting 
particularly towards the end .
the fight choreography is honestly not all
that impressive for the most part ,
all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic ,
but the true strength is the emotional content behind the fight .
the final scene ,
while not a marvel of martial artistry or fight choreography ,
is one of the most powerful final fight i
have ever seen ,
and i have seen quite a few martial art film.i suppose the biggest determining factor
of whether or not one will get much out of dog bite dog
is whether or not you can connect with the character .
all of them are certainly some of the more flawed character
one is likely to see in a film of any kind ,
but there was something very human about all of them
that i could not help but be drawn to and really feel for them 
particularly chen 's girlfriend .
i should say
that i doubt most person will like the film as much
as i did simply
because i imagine
that most person will not like or care about the character in the same way ,
but i still recommend it highly all the same .
it is truly a deeply moving and effecting film
if you give it a chance .
