`` feast of all saint ? ''
where ... ?
when ... ? was the feast of all saint storyline
and theme edited out ?
what a waste of a wonderful title !
there is never anything in the story
that has the remotest connection to the `` feast of all saint . ''
nor is there anything in the story about `` all souls day ''
which the term is referencing .
why bother to use this title
if you never intend to including any kind of storyline or theme about `` all souls day '' or the `` feast of all saint '' ?
embarrassly bad script and amateur writing
how did they attract such great talent to this clunker ?
the writing is so amateur
-- character
that have known each other all their life go into big long speech about their life history for the sake of the audience .
not at all the way person talk to each other .
what was the director thinking ?
the directing is equally bad !
the forced and overly deliberate style feel amateurish .
in one scene 
a character is yelling
`` take your hand off of me ''
and no one is touching him !
the most badly directed scene however 
is the incredibly over-the-top battle scene at the beginning of the film.excessive gore in a very fake ,
silly battle scenethere are so many dead person in the most fake battle scene .
it looks like a saturday night
live skit ! !
you can see extras
waiting for their cue to walk across camera .
everyone plays their death scene like 4th grade boy
-- exaggerating every little gasp and twitch .
the blood on battle victim is so excessive
and carelessly applied
it looks
like someone used a ketchup dispenser
and just squirted straight line of red on the costumes.this whole battle scene comes off as the spoof of a really cheesy war movie .
you almost expect someone like will ferrell and mike myer to ride up on a horse
and deliver the punchline.who in real life would ever behave this way ? !
the most ridiculous bit of writing ,
directing and casting is actually the focus of the scene :
a little girl is standing under the dead body of her hanging father
-- who is terribly mutilated ,
and literally dripping blood form his gaping wound .
even a totally idiot would know
he is dead !
yet she is
-- very monotonously --
repeating over and over `` daddy 
daddy ... ''
while looking at someone off-screen .
she delivered it with about as much believability and passion
as you could expect from an non-actor kid
that had been repeating the line for the camera all day.even
if the poor kid had any acting skill ,
the scene is completely unbelievable .
the little girl would not even be in the middle of the battlefield after hour of carnage
-- surrounded by hundred of dead body ,
while
she calmly stand there ! !
natural instinct would had the kid screaming and terrified 
running away from the bloody carnage !
are we suppose to be horrified or laugh ... ?
! one particularly goofy detail ,
that gives the scene an snl satire tone ,
is the father hanging 
with a huge hook through his mouth and cheek .
he looks like a fish on a hook !
the unintentionally funny detail ,
make the whole scene come across as fake and silly.in fantasy la-la-land ,
mother and daughter are the same age !
another funny detail 
is that you see a central character
-- the little girl 's mother --
at the end of the scene and in the next scene ,
that occurs 20+ year later ,
she looks exactly the same !
she is still young and beautiful ,
and now the same age as her daughter !
i almost turned the movie off right there
because the direction and writing were obviously awful
-- but i tried to stick it out
because i wanted to see the louisiana setting and i like all the actor .
i do not know
what these fine actor were thinking
when they accepted these role !
who was the targeted audience ?
the excessive amount of blood
and badly acted violence in the opening scene are weirdly out of place with the soap opera storytelling tone
that follows .
it is also a strange way
to start a movie
that 
for the rest of the time 
seems targeted to romance novel reading female .
weird inconsistency in tone !
