i think
that my favorite part of this movie 
the one
that exemplifies the sheer pointless 
stupidity and inanity of the proceedings ,
comes at the climax of the film .
doctor ted nelson and his unmarried friend the sheriff have finally cornered the melting man on a landing on some stair in an electrical generating plant .
keep in mind
that nelson has been looking for the mm for nearly the entire film ,
and that the mm has killed
and eaten several person at this point
( including his boss ) ,
and nelson is very aware
that mm is violently insane and hungry for human flesh and blood.so the sheriff has his gun pointed at mm ,
who is ,
and i give the movie and rick baker props for this 
the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form
that we have ever seen .
and he yells a very important question to doctor ted nelson :
`` what do we do now ? ! ? ! ? ''
the camera cuts over to doctor ted nelson ,
and it is obvious that ted has no idea what to do next .
apparently ted was so intent on the problem
of finding the melting man ,
he never thought to ing along some restraining device 
a lasso 
or straitjacket 
or a net 
or some tranquilizer dart 
or maybe a new age
tape by vangeli
to soothe the savage beast.so the sheriff panic and shoot ,
the melting man goes berserk 
and hilarity ensue .
maybe this explains
why nasa has been screwing around with the space shuttle program in sub-lunar space for the last 30 year instead of going back to the moon or out to mar like everyone
knows
they ought to be doing .
i dunno.anyway 
that is the kind of lousy 
lazy writing and direction
that undercuts every aspect of this movie .
it is hard to say
how good the actor actually are ,
because the movie has complete contempt for their characters.two other incredibly painful sequence also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings :
there is a scene
featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world
trying to steal lemon from a grove ,
only to be torn apart by the melting man .
this scene is a nadir in 70s cinema .
i can guarantee
you have never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking person in your entire life .
and the melting man 's assault on the lady
who lives in the house
where they keep a horse
who pees on the wall defy every attempt
to process it .
( btw ,
i think
famous film director jonathon demme has a walk-on in this scene as the redneck husband
who goes in first
to check on the house
and never comes out again ) .
the only thing
that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery
is that ,
as i said ,
their horse has apparently been peeing on it .
and we are forced to watch her hysteric for at least two minute longer than any sane film director would hold the shot .
burr debenning ought to beat the crap out of imm 's director and photographer .
i remember him from an old columbo episode
where he looked much better
than he does here - no one 's idea of a leading man 
but solid and unobtrusive .
but no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life
as his director makes him look here .
everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple
( and shut up ,
i know
they were being played for laugh ,
but i are not laughing ! )
but not much .
this definitely falls into the 'so bad
you can not look away ' category of cinema disaster .
still 
i would watch it again
before i would watch a lot of other 70 's and 80 's abortion
( `` track of the moonbeast ''
and `` it lives by night ''
come to mind ) ,
and mst 's coverage of it is great fun ,
so
if you get a chance ,
watch the mst version .
