before there was crash ,
there was this interesting film
called grand canyon .
released about 14 year sooner than the former film ,
grand canyon was a movie about two person from different background
who come together as friend over a lifetime .
to me crash was still a slightly better film ,
but grand canyon was no slouch either.taking place in los angele 
an upper-class lawyer
named mack
( kevin kline )
takes a shortcut through the seedier side of town
only to have his car eak down at the worst time .
he calls for a tow truck ,
and has to wait for awhile ,
only to soon be threatened by a group of dangerous person
who want his car .
soon the tow truck driver arrives at the perfect momant 
and out step simon
( danny glover )
to take the truck away .
both man are threatened ,
but simon manage to get himself 
mack 
and the car out of dire strait .
it is from here on out
that a friendhip develops between the two man over a lifetime with mack helping out simon
just as simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier .
you see simon 's sister deborah
( tina lifford )
is living in a dangerous neighborhood with her two child ,
and fear for her oldest son who seems to be roaming the street at night with some bad person .
mack offers them a better place
to live as well as hooking simon up with his secretary 's friend jane
( alfre woodard )
.this is the main plot of the film ,
but there are other smaller plot
involving the same secretary mantioned above
( mary louise parker )
as well as mack 's wife ,
( mary mcdonnel )
who discovers an abandoned baby
not long after their son roberto
( jeremy sisto in his first movie role )
has gone to camp for the summer ,
and will likely be moving on with his own life soon .
the detail of all these plot are ought together into one complex movie
which uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a idge to entwine all the different scene .
this simple plot device works very well
and helps greatly with the flow of the story.the director lawrence kasdan ,
whose biggest movie to this date was the big chill ,
has created a splendid movie here .
the cast is excellent ,
and most of the idea are well thought out ,
but alas it falls short of greatness
because some point ,
that would 've made the film even stronger ,
are glossed over .
the story
involving the secretary
is one ,
and the second
involving simon 's nephew
is the other .
these scene should have been more apart of the entire story ,
and then maybe lawrence kasdan 's view of life between the upper and lower class would 've been more on a superior level instead of just very good .
still grand canyon exceeded expectation ,
and yes you will get to see a view of the canyon
that this movie was named after .
there is also a small role for steve martin as davis 
a producer of violent film ,
who offers his own view on life ,
and has a small part
to play in this movie 's idea .
