disney 
the film name
that once stood for all thing innocent and suitable for all age ,
has finally started to realise
that to survive it needs to become more diverse .
such diversity has been very apparent in the last couple of year .
film like `` tarzan '' and `` the emperor 's new groove '' have made an attempt
to move away from the traditional song-driven routine of disney 's past and into new 
uncharted territory .
`` atlantis '' is the boldest step yet ,
but we have to remember :
this is still disney .
the first ever serious film
to come out of disney 's animation studio
is a major achievement for them -
in fact it is so serious
it makes it into pg territory .
perhaps why a lot of family were scared off from seeing it this past summer.but
despite the more mature subject matter ,
this is still a film
that disney wanted to draw in the family with ,
not just mature audience ,
so the plot had to be kept simple enough for child to understand ,
but interesting enough
to take it away from the realms of `` the little mermaid '' et al.so what we get is actually a potentially detailed plot ,
unfortunately suffering the blow of being condensed into a 96-minute movie .
ultimately 
this is an action film about atlantis 
not about the exposition preceding it ,
so we are whisked through the first half hour with as many sequence bombarding the screen
as is possible
without losing coherency .
suspend your disbelief of how the character get from point a to point b so quickly ,
you are unlikely to find an animated film
that detailed coming out of hollywood !
if you want epic level of detail in the plot ,
turn to jame cameron 's `` titanic '' .
both film feature a boat in some manner.and let 's talk about love 
shall we ?
yes 
as with a lot of film 
the lead male
( one milo thatch 
a bumbling archaeologist )
and lead female
( kida 
the clich\u00e9d atlantian princess )
are set to fall in love with each other .
but what i found was not as clich\u00e9d
as i was expecting .
by film 's end 
for once 
the character touching/feeling/kissing sequence was far more subdued .
there is various point in the film
where the attraction grows ,
but it is just not in the ballpark of 
say ,
`` the little mermaid ''
( a good thing )
.you may have grasped
that this is a rather clich\u00e9d film .
correct .
you have your leading hero and heroine ,
backed up by more than half a dozen crew member
who go on the expedition ,
all being given their moment during the film .
numerous other character appear ,
take up the few minute of screentime ,
then disappear .
it does not take a genius to do the math \u0096 a 96-minute film with a focus on action and visual ,
and with a considerable cast 
has very little time
to expand the character to any major extent .
so what does it rely on ?
clich\u00e9s 
and lot of them .
every character emulates something
that has been done a thousand time before .
you have the bumbling scientist ,
the attractive princess 
the square-jawed colonel 
the rich eccentric 
the maniacal sleazebag 
the russian femme fatale \u0096 need i go on ?
i do not know
why this got to anyone \u0096 i found the tongue-in-cheek nature of this film quite amusing .
alright 
this is meant to be a serious flick ,
but do you really expect disney to give up every single trait of their history ?
at least the writer have tried to come up with consistently witty dialogue ,
and sometime it even is a little inspired.but in the end
it is those big stunning visual
that put the icing on this cake .
the cgi animation is truly amazing in place ,
and does not dwarf the character ,
which was a flaw
that let the recent `` titan a.e . ''
down .
speaking of character ,
disney hired an outside comic industry artist
to create the design ,
inging an anime style to the film .
infact the visual presentation of the film
as a whole owes a lot to anime ,
much more so than any previous disney outing .
this resulted in a conflict with fan of the japanese anime 
`` nadia '' 
for the film 's overall similarity with said cartoon series .
having not seen this anime ,
i can not comment.with picture ,
there is sound .
gary rydstrom heads up the sound team ,
and what a soundtrack !
from the opening shot
the sound stage is alive
and is a treat .
jame newton howard treat us to a dynamic musical score ,
which compliments the film in every way ,
never sounding out of place
and always helping to build the tension or subdue it.perhap i missed the point
of what the creator intended .
to me 
the film convey
that it is an adventure thrill ride ,
albeit with a more serious tone than any disney film
before it .
if you do not like the clich\u00e9d tongue-in-cheek attitude ,
then perhaps the effort
that has been poured into the visual will delight .
heck 
at least the mythology is far more correct
than can be said about other disney effort
( *cough*hercules*cough* )
.this is a positive 
10/10 review 
from someone
who was blown away by this film .
i always suspend my disbelief with any animated film \u0096 after all ,
the law of the real world are more than frequently oken in the cartoon medium .
so sit back ,
enjoy the ride ,
and perhaps everyone can find something to enjoy about this film .
