it occurs to me that some of the film
that have been banned during the course of cinema history
were actually very important and very good film .
i would like to argue
that instead of banning challenging 
controversial movie the censor should consider banning film
that are so bad
that they pose a threat
to your iq and your sanity .
if they were to do so one of the first film
to be quickly hidden away
would undoubtedly be `` stroker ace '' .
this film is awful with a capital 'a ' .
it is the worst film burt reynold ever starred in ... . quite a feat for for a man with `` cannonball run ii '' 
`` cop and a half '' and `` rent-a-cop '' on his cv !
the wafer-thin story introduce us to successful stock car racer stroker ace
( reynold ) ,
a man
who loves fast car and fast woman .
he gets stuck in a demeaning contract with crooked promoter clyde torkle
( ned beatty ) .
the contract requires him to do some humiliating promotional work for a new chain of fast food restaurant 
such as dressing up as a giant chicken .
thrown into the mix are lug
( jim nabor ) ,
ace 's dim-witted pal 
and pemook feeney
( loni anderson ) ,
a bimbo with a ain fractionally smaller than a pea
who is wooed by ace.hal needham 
the director of this low-grade garbage ,
was formerly a stuntman
and he made numerous film
that relied on his expertise in staging spectacular stunt and car chases/race .
some of these film were ok 
like `` hooper '' and `` stunt unlimited '' 
but with `` stroker ace '' he reaches a career nadir .
the character are so stupid
that you actually feel pity for the actor playing them .
anderson especially is saddled with such a dumb role
that it makes you grind your tooth with despair .
the humour is weak and infantile throughout ,
and the stunt and race sequence are unremarkable .
even the out-take during the closing credit
( which can be found in all the reynold-needham collaboration )
are generally unfunny ,
which gives the impression
that maybe the film was not much fun
to make .
`` stroker ace '' is a stinker of considerable magnitude .
