first of all 
yes 
animal have emotion .
if you did not know that already ,
then i believe
you are a moron .
but let 's assume that none of us are moron .
we all know
that animal have emotion ,
and we now want to see
how these emotion are manifest in nature 
correct ?
what we get instead is a tedious and ridiculously simplistic documentary
that attempts to show how animal
are `` human '' .
the filmmaker search high and low for footage of animal engaged in human-like behaviour ,
and
when it happens
they say ,
`` that monkey is almost human ! ''
( that is actually a direct quote )
.everything is in human term .
they waste time theorizing about what makes dog `` smile '' ,
but not once do they mention what a wagging tail mean .
the arrogance of these researcher is disgusting .
they even go so far
as to show chimpanzee dressed in human clothing
and wearing a cowboy hat.i had been expecting an insightful documentary of animal on their own term .
i wanted to learn how animal emote in their own language .
but instead 
researcher keep falling back on pedantic 
anthropomorphic observation and assumption .
add a cheezy soundtrack and image of chimp `` celeating christmas '' ,
and this was enough
to turn my stomach.but
it does not end there .
half of this documentary is filmed not in the wild but in laboratory and experimental facility .
all the camera shot of chimp are through steel bar ,
and we see
how these monkey are crowded together in their sterile concrete cage .
one particularly sobering moment happens near the beginning
( though you have to be quick to notice it )
where a captive monkey says in sign language ,
`` want out .
hurry go .
`` obscure reference are made to `` stress test '' and psychological experiment
which i shudder to imagine .
baby monkey are separated from their mother at birth
and are given wireframe doll in order to prove
that baby monkey crave a `` mother figure '' .
and after 40 year of experiment 
the smug researcher pat themselves on the back
for reaching their illiant conclusion :
monkey have emotion.one chimp
named `` washoe '' has been in a concrete cage since 1966 for that purpose ,
and to this day she remains thus .
we get a ief glimpse
( again through bar )
of her leaning against a concrete wall with a rather lackluster expression .
personally 
i do not need to see any further experimental datum .
washoe 
i apologize for our entire species .
