this movie tries hard ,
but completely lacks the fun of the 1960 tv series ,
that i am sure person do remember with fondness .
although i am 17 ,
i watched some of the series on youtube a long time ago
and it was enjoyable and fun .
sadly 
this movie does little justice to the series.the special effect are rather substandard ,
and this was not helped by the flat camera-work .
the script also was dull
and lacked any sense of wonder and humour .
other film with under-par scripting are home alone 4 
cat in the hat 
thomas and the magic railroad and addam family reunion.now i will say
i liked the idea of the story ,
but unfortunately it was badly executed
and ran out of steam far too early ,
and i am honestly not sure for this reason this is something for the family
to enjoy .
and i was annoyed by the talking suit ,
despite spirited voice work from wayne knight.but the thing
that angered me most about this movie was that it wasted the talent of christopher lloyd 
jeff daniel and daryl hannah 
all very talented actor .
jeff daniel has pulled off some good performance before ,
but he did not seem to have a clue
what he was supposed to be doing ,
and elizabeth hurley 's character sadly came across as useless .
daryl hannah is a lovely actress
and generally ignored ,
and i liked the idea of her being the love interest ,
but sadly you see very little of her ,
( not to mention the monster attack is likely to scare child than enthrall them )
likewise with wallace shawn as some kind of government operative .
christopher lloyd acquits himself better ,
and as an actor i like lloyd a lot
( he was in two of my favourite film clue
and who framed roger rabbit ,
and i am fond of back to the future )
but he was given little to work with ,
and had a tendency to overact quite wildly.overall ,
as much i wanted to like this movie ,
i was left unimpressed .
instead of being fun ,
it came across as pointless ,
and that is a shame
because it had a lot of potential 
with some talented actor and a good idea 
but wasted with poor execution .
1/10 bethany cox
