i am always so frustrated
that the majority of science fiction movie are really intergalactic western or war dramas .
even star war
which is visually illiant ,
has one of its central image 
a futuristic `` gang
that could not shoot straight . ''
imagine your coming upon about 600 person with conventional weapon ,
most of them having an open shot ,
and they miss.i have read much science fiction ,
and wish
there were more movie for the thinking person .
forbidden planet 
one of the earliest of the genre 
is still one of the very best .
the story is based on a long extinct civilization 
the krell ,
who created machine
which could boost the intelligence of any
being by quantum leap .
unfortunately 
what they had not bargained for ,
is that the ain is a center for other thought than intellectual .
the primitive aspect of the ain 
the id ,
as freud
called it ,
is allowed to go unchecked .
it is released in sleep ,
a bad dream come to corporeal existence .
walter pigeon 
dr. morbiu 
is the one
who has jacked his ain to this level ,
and with it has built machine and defense
that keep him barely one step ahead of the horror of the recess of his own mind .
his thought are creating horror
that he soon will not be able to defend .
the krell 
a much superior species 
could not stop it ;
it destroyed them .
the landing party has never been of great interest to me .
the rest of the actor are pretty interchangeable .
ann francis is beautiful and naive ,
and certainly would have produced quite a reaction in the fifty adolescent male .
her father 's ire is exacerbated by her innocence and the wolfy fifty ' astronaut
( for they are more like construction worker on the make than real astronaut ) .
they are always trying to figure out `` dame . ''
the cook is a great character 
with his obsession for hooch .
robbie the robot has much more personality than most of the crew ,
and one wonder
if mr. spock may not be a soulmate to the literal thinking of this artificial creature .
the whole movie is very satisfying
because the situation is the star .
morbiu can not turn back
and so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him .
there are few science fiction film
that are worth
seeing more than once ;
this is one
that can coast right into the 21st century .
