there is nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt union on one side and the `` chief attorney '' on the other .
the stark but unimaginative lighting and photography stems from the fagged out noir cycle .
the story could easily have been out of a warner brother drawer with george raft in the lead .
the performance are routine 
the direction flat 
and even the set dressing perfunctory .
( an alley is shown by a single plaster wall of simulated ick .
it has one poster on it .
the poster says 
`` post no bill . '' )
we are introduced to the story and some of the character by a portentous narrator
who informs us
that ,
while most union work hard
and honestly to advance the cause of their member ,
a few are corrupt .
but we do not really get to know much about the union
or how they operate ,
although i suppose they were fair game after the success of `` on the waterfront '' a few year earlier .
here they are just a peg
to hang the tale on .
the real ring leader is a disbarred lawyer
who runs thing through three or four thug .
the district attorney
( or whatever he is )
finds out ,
like dana andrew did in `` boomerang 
''
that the wrong man
( dick foran )
is charged with a murder
and he spends the rest of the film almost alone 
digging up evidence of foran 's innocence .
he gets into fist fight
and shoot out like any inexpensive movie private eye.brian keith is the d.a .
he is shown some insinuating display of talent elsewhere ,
but here he spends most of the time
speaking quietly and staring at the floor .
elisha cook 
jr. 
is a likable rummy
but can not do a good drunk .
beverley garland is okay but is undermined by the direction ,
which has her gawking in a night club
when she should be furtive .
the remainder of the cast would be suitable for a tv series.and nobody is helped by the writing .
when a `` b girl '' is about to be shipped by the union mob to the filippine ,
someone advises her
that she only has to learn a few word of spanish .
`` i only know one word 
''
she says 
`` si .
yes . ''
the writer have not trusted the audience
to know
that `` si '' in spanish mean `` yes . ''
the plot is clumsy
and has hole in it .
keith visits a witness in her flat over a night club .
he enters the door
and has a gun shoved in his back by a yegg ,
but he outwits the heavy and knocks him out .
then the order someone to call the police .
the rest of the scene 
played out at some length in the night club downstairs ,
forgets all about the police
and they never show up ,
nor are they expected by anyone.it is nothing to be ashamed of ,
and some person might enjoy it ,
but there is similar stuff 
better done 
elsewhere .
