as the celeation of christmas has evolved through the year ,
whether one concentrate on the religious or the secular tradition ,
it is a time
when person are supposed to behave a little better to each other .
that has somehow slipped past one ebenezer scrooge 
merchant and money lender in 19th century london.as his nephew point out to his uncle ,
he does not keep christmas in any way
because scrooge feel
the whole thing is humbug .
the humanity in scrooge was driven out long ago ,
he is a hard case 
a whole lot like his 20th century counterpart 
mr. potter of bedford fall 
new york.but
as charle dickens told this tale ,
redemption is not too late for any of us and a lonely ghost and three spirit visit scrooge
and show him how.a christmas carol is such a timeless holiday classic
that we sometimes forget
that it is as much a social commentary of 19th century great britain
as oliver twist was .
the character in this film are middle and lower class .
the cratchit are a couple of rung above the street person in oliver twist ,
but they are having to struggle to stay up there .
still love and happiness radiate their home 
no thank to the guy bob cratchit works for .
like george bailey
who did a whole lot of good in his life
and just had to be reminded how much 
ebenezer scrooge needed a wake up call
as to the potentiality
he still had for doing some good in this old world.patrick stewart in his live performance and filmed play has pretty much taken over the part of scrooge .
but george c. scott captures the old miser pretty well in this film .
the meanness of him 
but with a trace of sadness
that makes us root for him to change .
scott joins a fine tradition of person like reginald owen and alastair sim
who 've both done great interpretation of scrooge.among
the supporting role i particularly enjoyed david warner as bob cratchit and edward woodward as a hearty and stern spirit of christmas present .
according to imdb this
is one of 32 version of a christmas carol made
that they have archived
and it is one of the best .
