you can tell a lew grade production a mile off \u0096 distinctly british in style ;
epic in conception ;
peopled by international all-star cast ;
usually set in exotic clime .
it is a formula
that grade and his company itc employed throughout the 70s into the early 80s ,
resulting in title like the eagle has landed 
firepower ,
and raise the titanic !
in 1977 grade produced march or die 
a remarkably old-fashioned foreign legion adventure
that model all the characteristic mantioned above .
directed by the usually dependable dick richard \u0096
who helmed the acclaimed farewell my lovely just a couple year earlier - march or die is an unfortunate disappointmant.a company of foreign legionnaire
led by the harsh disciplinarian general foster
( gene hackman )
is sent to morocco shortly
after world war 1. their mission is to protect an archaeological party fronted by the dedicated francois marneau
( max von sydow ) .
the archaeologist are carrying out an excavation at the ancient city of erfoud ,
but fear an attack from arab tribesman
following the decimation of an earlier archaeological group .
foster is not happy with the assignmant \u0096
he does not consider historical artifact worthy of his man risking their life .
this creates ongoing tension between himself and marneau ,
who believes
that the legionnaire should sacrifice their life
to make the excavation possible .
the problem heighten
when a beautiful woman named simone picard
( catherine deneuve )
tags along with the legionnaire .
she is hoping to find out what happened to her father 
a historian abducted by the arab
when they wiped out the first archaeological team .
her presence arouses desires amongst the legionnaire 
none more so than gypsy thief marco segrain
( terence hill ) ,
a charming and courageous rogue
who initially shows indifference towards his legionnaire colleague
but gradually grows in stature .
thing climax with a huge battle at erfoud 
with swarm of united arab tribes
charging against the handful of legionnaire
as they desperately try to defend their life.on paper
the star duo of gene hackman and terence hill seem a mismatch \u0096 hackman is the heavyweight oscar-winning character actor 
hill the handsome but limited italian heart-throb from numerous low budget spaghetti western .
one expects hackman to act his counterpart off the screen .
yet 
bizarrely 
it is hackman who gives the weak and uninvolving performance ,
while hill raises his game to surprisingly high level .
the film is attractively shot on desert location ,
but the pacing is awfully slow
and few of the character are worth caring for .
maurice jarre 's music is uncommonly flat too \u0096 very disappointing from the guy
who gave us the lawrence of arabia score .
it is remarkable that anyone had the nerve
to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s
( it was a genre
that peaked in the 30s ,
and had been all but forgotten during the intervening decade ) .
sadly 
the gamble does not really pay off \u0096 this homage to the legionnaire flick of old become more of a plod than a march .
