green street ,
as it was called in the uk ,
or hooligan is a bad film .
the story is full of fantastical idea and premise
that anyone
who life in england ,
has been to a football match
or knows the first thing
about football will spot immediately.my first main gripe with hooligan is the poor casting of the two main character .
do not get me wrong 
i like elijah wood and have a great respect for his work ,
but despite his best effort he struggled to pull off this role .
the main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger at betrayal ,
however he spends much of the film placid and cheery ,
only displaying his pent up aggression in one ief scene towards the end of the film .
this
linked with his look and physique
make him a thoroughly unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligan .
at no point during the film was i convinced
that a ) he could handle himself in a fight against such thug and b )
the 'firm ' of thug would accept such a person into their fold.the other main character
is played by charlie hunnam .
charlie look the part ,
and is fairly convincing as a thug .
unfortunately ,
being a native of newcastle upon tyne in the north of england ,
he demonstrates the worst east london accent
since dick van dyke tried to go cock-en-y in marry poppin .
detail such as this probably will not bother an american audience
who will be less attuned to regional dialect in the uk ,
but being from the uk
it was a problem i
could not ignore
and it contributed to ruining the movie for me .
the supporting cast all gave convincing performance
and were well cast 
especially the role of bover .
the lad
playing this character
would have been much more suited to the main role
that charlie played .
with a film like this 
you have to convince the audience
that your character are plausible 
unfortunately 
the casting failed .
imagine
if you made a film like the godfather
and had sean haye
( jack )
from will and grace playing michael corleone 's part .
you would not be convinced .
the story in hooligan is also full in implausibility .
i am no football hooligan ,
but i am a fantatical football fan .
i know
how cliquey a group of 'regular ' football supporter can be ,
as such it deem it impossible for a non-football fan ,
who is not a fan of the club in question ,
is not from the area in question and not even of english nationality
to be emaced by a 'firm '
who equate to a secret organisation in some severe case .
my final 
and biggest 
problem with this film 
is the way
it portrays football hooligan .
i take objection to the film 's idea
that despite being very violent individual ,
hooligan are excused
as they live by some sort of code of ethic in their own world
and should be admired for being ave and loyal to each other .
this is complete rubbish .
football hooligan are complete scum .
they take football ,
the national sport of england and use it as an excuse to terrorise 
frighten and intimidate person .
they only represent a tiny percentage of football fan
but give the whole game and person of this country a bad reputation .
they are not ave or loyal ,
they are cowardly and evil .
if the 'gse ' in this film truly loved their club 
west ham ,
why would the devote their life
to being a stain on its name .
hooligan are an embarrassment to football and to english society .
football hooligan do for the reputation of football
what hitler did to the reputation of german .
although this film tries/intends to show the 'gritty ' side of football violence .
it does nothing more
than promote it as some kind of excusable activity for extreme fan of the sport .
it does not show the poor innocent by-stander at football match
who have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins/lighters/glass into the crowd .
it does not show the innocent home and property owner
who have to put up with graffiti and oken window .
it does not show the real fan of football club
who suffer indignity and embarrassment
when their team supporter are banned from travelling to away match or aoad to european game
because the thug among them ruin it for everyone .
if you want to see a good film about football violence 
watch the bbc drama 'the firm ' .
