the invisible maniac starts as a young kevin dornwinkle
( kris russell )
is caught by his strict mother
( marilyn adam )
watching a girl
( tracy walker )
strip through his telescope ... cut to 'twenty year later ' and kevin dornwinkle
( noel peter )
is now a physic professor
who claims to have discovered a way
to turn thing invisible
using a 'mollecular reconstruction ' serum .
however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientist it fails
and they all laugh at him ,
dornwinkle goes mad kill a few of them
and is locked away in a mental institute from
which he escapes .
jump forward 'two week later ' and a group of summer college student discuss the tragic death of their physic teacher
when the headmistress mrs. cello
( stephanie blake as stella blalack )
says
that she has hired a replacement ,
yes you have guessed
it it is dornwinkle .
the student do not take to him and treat him like dirt ,
however dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum
and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual urge and his desire for revenge ... co-written
and directed by adam rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym rif coogan
( i would not want my name to be associated with this turd of a film either )
the invisible maniac is real bottom of the barrel stuff .
the script by rifkin 
sorry coogan and tony marke is awful .
it tries to be a teenage sex/comedy/horror hyid
that just fails in every department .
for a start the sex is nothing more than a few female shower scene and a few boob shot ,
not much else i am afraid
and the bird in the invisible maniac are not even that good looking .
the comedy is lame and every joke miss by the proverbial mile ,
this is the kind of film
that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having henry
( jason logan )
a mute man
trying to make a phone call
is funny .
the invisible maniac makes the police academy
( 1984 - 1994 )
series of film look like the pinnacle of sophistication !
as for the horror aspect
that too is lame .
it is also an incredibly slow
( it takes over half an hour
before dornwinkle even becomes invisible ) 
dull 
predictable 
boring and has highly annoying and unlikable teenage character's.director rifkin or coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing
to try and make the invisible maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience .
there is no scare 
tension or atmosphere
and as a whole the film is a real chore
to sit through .
he does nothing with the invisibility angle ,
just a few door opening on their own is as adventurous
as it gets .
there is very little gore or violence 
a bit of splashing blood 
a few strangulation and the only decent bit in the whole film
when someone has their head blown off with a shotgun ,
unfortunately he was invisible at the time
and we only get to see the headless torso afterwards.the budget must have been low ,
and i mean really low
because this is one seriously cheap looking film .
dornwinkle laboratory is basically two jar on his bedside cabinet !
when he escapes from the mental institution he has all of one dog sent
after him and the entire school has about a dozen pupil and two teacher .
the invisible maniac is a poorly made film throughout
it is 85 minute duration ,
i spotted the boom mike on at least one occasion ...
lets just say
the acting is of a low standard
and leave it at that.the invisible maniac is crap 
plain and simple .
i found no redeeming features in it at all ,
there are so many more better film out there
you can watch so
there is no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish .
definitely one to avoid .
