for every series
that makes it to television ,
a 100 idea are formed ,
50 script are written ,
15 pilot are made ,
and one 
just one 
actually makes it to production .
from such a selection process 
we are lead to believe
that the final product must be the cream of the crop ,
for what other reason could so many idea be rejected
to give us a single television series.and
so it goes with true blood ;
all the star were in alignment
and what started as a series of novel was transformed into an idea 
a screen play 
a pilot ,
and finally a series .
unfortunately 
it can sometimes be a long journey
and along the way
there are many turn
that ultimately change what was good and pure into and show
that production person feel
would be best for rating .
oh how wrong
they so often are ... true blood is an example of a creative concept
that has developed into one of the poorest story line 
worst acting 
and silliest subplot as anything in recent television history .
its international cast of relatively unknown actor struggle to find their voice
but keep tripping over their fake southern accent .
alan ball 's not so secret desire for ryan
( jason stackhouse )
gives us a fresh nude shot each week
although
it often has nothing to do with the storyline .
tara 's angry black woman characterization fails to connect
and you find yourself secretly hoping
the vamp take her out quickly
before she goes into another speech about white suppression
while attend a ceremony for the glorious dead of the confedercy .
sam find suppressed love for sookie
and suddenly
we are to believe
he needs to watch over her morning 
noon 
and night
despite year of working with her and avoiding any such relationship.as for bill the vampire ,
his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance
to make love with sookie
and has no issue with make a quick snack of her
( although she remains somewhat unharmed ) .
we find the other vampire not so mainstream as bill
but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public
as they look at the living
as happy meal with legs.despite my best effort of suffering through the first six episode ,
i have come to the realization
that no matter how long you watch a bad show ,
its still bad .
something die for a reason 
even vampire .
maybe this show should to .
