i thought
that rotj was clearly the best out of the three star war movie .
i find it surprising
that rotj is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy by many
who have voted .
to me it seemed like rotj was the best
because it had the most profound plot 
the most suspense 
surprise 
most emotional ,
( especially the ending )
and definitely the most episodic movie .
i personally like the empire strike back a lot
also but i think
it is slightly less good than than rotj
since it was slower-moving ,
was not as episodic ,
and i just did not feel as much suspense or emotion as i did with the third movie.it also seems like to me
that after reading these surprising review
that the reason person
cited for rotj
being an inferior film to the other two
are just plain ludicrous
and are insignifican not reason
compared to the sheer excellence of the film as a whole .
i have heard many strange reason such as :
a )
because yoda died b )
because bobba fett died c )
because small ewok defeated a band of stormtrooper d )
because darth vader was revealedi would like to debunk each of these reason
because i believe
that they miss the point completely .
first off ,
who cares
if bobba fett died ? ? ?
if george lucas wanted him to die
then he wanted him to die .
do not get me wrong i am fan of bobba fett
but he made a few cameo appearance
and it was not lucas ' intention
to make him a central character in the film
that star war fan made him out to be .
his name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie ...
you had to go to the credit
to find out bobba fett 's name ! ! !
judging rotj
because a minor character died
is a bit much i think ... secondly ,
many fan did not like yoda dying .
sure 
it was a momentous period in the movie .
i was not happy to see him die
either but it makes the movie more realistic .
all the good guy can not stay alive in a realistic movie ,
you know .
otherwise if all the good guy
lived and all the bad guy
died this movie
would have been tantamount to a cheesy saturday morning cartoon .
another aspect to this point about person not liking yoda 's death.. well ,
nobody complained
when darth vader struck down obi wan kenobi in a new hope .
( many consider a new hope
to be the best of the trilogy )
why was obi wan 's death okay but yoda 's not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm ... .
another reason i just can not believe
was even stated was because person found cute ewok overpowering stormtrooper to be impossible .
that is utterly ridiculous ! !
i can not believe this one ! !
first off 
the ewok are in their native planet endor
so they are cognizant of their home terrain
since they live there .
if you watch the movie carefully many of the tactic
the ewok used in defeating the stormtrooper
was through excellent use of their home field advantage .
( since you lived in the forest all your life i hope
you would have learned to use it to your advantage )
they had swinging vine 
rope 
log set up to trip those walker 
and other trap .
the stormtrooper were highly disadvantaged
because they were outnumbered and not aware of the advantage of the forest .
the only thing
they had was their blaster .
to add ,
it was not like the ewok were battling the stormtrooper themselves ,
they were heavily assisted by the band of rebel in that conquest .
i thought
that
if the stormtrooper were to have defeated a combination of the star war hero 
the band of rebel 
as well as the huge clan of ewok with great familiarity of their home terrain ,
that would have been a great upset .
lastly 
if this scene was still unbelievable to you.. how about in empire strike back or in a new hope
where there were several scene of a group
consisting of just han solo 
chewbacca 
and the princess ,
being shot at by like ten stormtrooper and all their blaster missed
while the hero were in full view ! !
and not only that 
the hero 
of course 
alway hit the stormtrooper with their blaster .
the trooper must have very 
very bad aim then !
at least in empire strike back 
the battle of endor was much more believable
since you had two army pitted each other not 3 hero against a legion of stormtrooper .
do not believe me ?
check out the battle at cloud city
when our hero were escaping lando 's base .
or when our hero were rescuing princess leia
and being shot at
( somehow they missed )
as han solo and luke were trying to exit the death star.the last reason
that i care to discuss
( other are just too plain ridiculous for me
to spend my time here . )
is that person did not like darth vader
being revealed !
well 
in many way
that was a major part of the plot in the movie .
luke was trying to find
whether or not darth vader was his father 
annakin skywalker .
it would have been disappointing
if the movie had ended
without luke getting to see his father 's face
because it made it complete .
by annakin 's revelation it symbolized the transition darth vader underwent from being possessed by the dark side
( in his helmet )
and to the good person he was annakin skywalker
( by removing the helmet ) .
the point is that annakin died converted to the light side again
and that is what the meaning of the helmet removal scene was about .
in fact 
that is is what i would have done in that scene too
if i were luke 's father ... is not that what you would have done
if you wanted to see your son with your own eye
before you died
and not in a mechanized helmet ? on another note ,
i think a subconscious or conscious expectation among most person is that the sequel must be worse
( even if it is better )
that preceding movie is another reason
that rotj does not get as many accolade as it deserves .
i never go into a film with that deception in mind 
i alway try to go into a film with the attitude
that `` well 
it might be better or worse
that the original .. but i can not know for sure.. let 's see . ''
that way i go with an open mind
and do not dupe myself into thinking
that a clearly superior film is not as good
as it really was.i am
not sure
who criticizes these movie but ,
i have asked many college student and adult about which is their favorite star war movie
and they all tell me
( except for one person
that said
that a new hope was their favorite )
that it is rotj .
i believe
that the result on these poll are appalling and quite misleading.bottom line ,
the return of the jedi was the best of the trilogy .
this movie was the only one of the three
that kept me riveted all throughout its 135 minute .
there was not a moment of boredom
because each scene was either suspenseful 
exciting 
surprising 
or all of the above .
for example 
the emotional light saber battle between luke and his father in rotj was better than the one in the empire strike back any day ! !
! finally 
i hope person go see the phantom menace with an open mind
because if fan start looking for nitpicky 
insignifican not detail
( or see it as `` just another sequel '' )
to trash the movie such as `` this movie stinks
because luke is not in it ! ''
then this meritorious film will become another spectacular movie
that will be the subject of derision like rotj suffered unfortunately .
