the title is the sound
that one of the character makes
as he drives his imaginary trolley across the garbage dump
where the character live .
the film is based on a series of story by shugoro yamamoto
and tells the story of a group of person
who effectively live in ramshackle home on the edge of the dump .
it is a mix of laughter and sadness.first color film
made by akria kurasowa
has been something
i have wanted to see for a long time .
weirdly it was often listed as being only available in a shortened version from a three or four hour original due to an error in the run time in some promotional material .
i was holding out for the full version ,
waiting to see what kurasowa wanted us to see ,
only to find out on the recent release by criterion
that the 140 minute version is the full version.finally
sitting down
to see the film last night i
am of mixed emotion about the film .
first and foremost its visually linked to every film
that followed .
you can see every other of kurasowal remaining six film reflected in this movie 
down to the painted sunset .
its a striking film in its use of color
and you can understand
why it took him so long to a film stock
he would he happy
with ( of course there are failed project as well ) .
the film is a visual work of art .
( though be warned
if you are going to see this on your widescreen tv this was shot 1.33
so will appear in normal tv ratio . )
the rest of the film is a mixed bag .
part of the problem is that the life of all of these person do not quite come together .
as separate tale they all work well
but as a filmic whole they do not hang as one .
i do not blame kurasowa
since one can not always hit thing out of the box ,
especially when some one like robert altman
who specialized in multi-character film of this sort occasionally bombed himself.this
is not to say
that there are not reason to see the film .
as will all kurasowa film there are always reason to see his film ,
whether they work or not .
the first trip of the `` trolley '' is one of the best thing
kurasowa ever did
and is worth the price of a rental .
its one of the most magical moment in film history
as the trolley is inspected
and taken out .
the father and son living in the car is touching
( though ultimately very sad )
and there are other bit and piece
that shine
( like the cast which is across the board great )
and one should at least try the film as something
different from a man we usually associated with samurai film or crime dramas.it an intriguing misfire from a master filmmaker
which means in this case means its better than most other filmmaker successes.between 6 and 7 as a whole 
much higher in piece .
