oh dear .
yet another example of `` oireland `` and religion .
no doubt
we will be seeing some depressing nonsense
featuring some `` hunky and macho freedom fighter `` from the ira .
well that was my initial reaction
when the credit started but just over an hour
and a half later i was in a state of shock .
what a superb movie the story starts on the day of the wedding between sean cloney and sheila kelly in the 1950s .
there is a slight problem
since they are getting married in the catholic church
and that is sheila is a protestant but in order for the wedding to happen sheila takes a pledge
that her child will be ought up catholic and attend the catholic school
when they are old enough .
the story -
which is set in the 1950s -
then jumps forward a few year
when the cloney daughter are about to start school
but sheila has decided
they will be attending the local protestant school much to the disgust of local priest father stafford .
from there thing escalate let me put my card on the table and state
that
despite
having both irish catholic and scottish protestant heritage i was ought up as agnostic
and have considered myself as an atheist throughout my adult life .
in fact
when it comes to religion i
consider myself a marxist and religion
is a cynical weapon used
to manipulate person .
a love divided shows what happens
when self appointed moral guardian take it upon themselves
to tell other person what to think and believe .
may i have the temerity to state
that
if karl marx saw this movie
he had love it
and call it a masterpiece ?
perhaps i should not since the drama of this story shows what happens
when other person do your thinking for you in reply to the couple of reviewer
who have claimed this movie
is propaganda of the worst sort i do not claim to know the exact detail of what happened in county wexford
and there is no denying
that father stafford and his flock of catholic sheep are portrayed as being the bad guy
but sheila is not blameless herself .
think about a woman
living in a rural village in 1950s ireland
who takes a pledge to ing her child up
as catholic then changes her mind
and believes
there will be no consequence of this ?
this is a warning against taking pledge
and not keeping to them .
not only that but she disappears to let other person pick up the piece of their shattered life .
there is also something
that no one else has picked up upon
and that is that the only character with any type of moral sense is former ira man andy bailey
who is shown as being gallant
not because he was a former ira member
( that makes a change .
we are not talking about the devil 's own here )
but simply because he is an atheist
who has decided to think
for himself a love divided is a superb movie
that has a lot to say for itself ,
all of which i agree with .
if there is any sort of criticism
it is that it feels too much like a tvm rather than a cinematic movie
but believe
me i can live with that
and is essential viewing to anyone
who thinks
religion is the opium of the mass
