i have to be 100 % honest with you fellow imdb user .
i wanted to see this movie for a very long time
only because of the poster .
does not charlotte gainsbourg look extremely sexy and charming smiling
that way ?
i am in love with that woman !
i got what i expected ... but only half .
this film should deliver expectation for those
who enjoy all kind of romantic comedy or story
involving intelligent humor and light dramatic situation.while i do not agree with another fellow imdb user
who states
that the movie is overrated ;
i must admit
that `` pr\u00e9te-moi ta main '' has plenty of flaws.my main problem with the film is the lack of on screen chemistry between the main character .
there is not a single scene previous to the climax
that shows the main character sharing a moment `` of romance '' or even a clue
to suggest
that they are interested in each other.in fact ,
the only scene were both share a moment is tremendously awkward
( when both are in the couch )
and does not help the audience understand about a possible love interest .
i did not buy the dinner sequence.still ,
the movie deliver very funny moment
and has a strong dialogs
that support such an ingenuous premise .
i mean with ingenuous
that it would be very difficult
to execute such a farse by a 43 year old man in these days.i
understand
it is a movie
and that is why
i accept it as a funny situation .
plus 
the humor is versatile .
there are moment
involving sandm 
funny line with chabat 's best friend 
some lesbian reference 
funny situation
involving the family woman ,
and more.charlotte gaionsbourg 's performance is top notch
and she is by far the reason
to watch the movie .
she is funny 
sexy 
look very thin and fine ,
and demonstrates
she is a versatile and talented actress
who can pull out a comedic and dramatic performance in sheer illiance.alain chabat
is a fine actor
and gives a very decent performance .
i think
the supporting cast do what they can.the score 
art direction ,
and other technical aspect are really good
and give a dynamic look to the film.those
who enjoy this kind of cinema
should be pleased after the ending credit .
it is a good example of feel good cinema .
