eye in the labyrinth is not your average giallo ...
and to be honest ,
i am not really sure
that it really is a giallo ;
but giallo or not ,
despite some problem ,
this is certainly a very interesting little film .
i am hesitant to call it a giallo
because the film does not feature most of the thing
that make these film what they are ;
but many genre entry eak the mould 
and this would seem to be one of them .
the film does not feature any utal murder as many giallo 's do ,
but this is made up for with a surreal atmosphere and a plot
just about confusing enough
to remain interesting for the duration .
the plot seems simple enough
in that it focuses on a doctor
who is murdered by julie ,
his patient who 
for some reason ,
she sees him as her lover and father and is offended
when he walks out on her .
we then relocate to a big house
lived in by a number of person ,
but nothing is really what it seems
as there are a number of secret
surrounding various event
that happened
before julie 's arrival ... the film seems to be professing something
about how the mind is like a labyrinth .
this never really comes off ,
and i preferred to just sit back
and enjoy what was going on rather than worrying about what point
( if any ) the film is trying to make .
eye in the labyrinth is directed by mario caiano ,
the director behind the excellent night of the doomed some year earlier .
he does not create the atmosphere as well in this film
as he did in the earlier one ;
but the surreal aspect of the story come off well ,
and the mystery is always kept up
which stops the film from becoming boring .
the film star rosemary dexter ,
who provides eye candy throughout
and also delivers a good performance .
most of the rest of the cast are not really worth mentioning 
with the exception of adolfo celi ,
who is good as the villain of the piece and alida valli ,
whom cult fan will remember from a whole host of excellent cult flick .
the film does explain itself at the end ;
which is lucky as i am
sure i am not the only viewer
who was more than a little confused by then !
overall 
this may not be classic stuff ;
but its good enough and worth seeing .
