2003 was seen as the year of the matrix 
with the release of two sequel and a computer game
that actually linked to the plot of the film .
also released was a dvd of 9 short animated film 
most written
and made in japan
and made as anime .
japan makes some of the best animation in the world .
sadly most of these short are disappointing .
the best of them is the first part of a prequel
to the first matrix film.the second renaissance is made as a historical file .
it tells
how human made machine in their own likeness .
human live the high life whilst machine are the grunt 
the worker of society 
second class citizen .
in the year 2090 
a machine 
bi-66er was put of trial for murder ,
after killing his owner who wanted to deactivate him .
the machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world .
the governmant of the world order to dismantle machine .
many machine leave human society
and form their own country in the middle east 
o1 .
01 has a productive economy
and easily undercut the human nation ,
forcing them into economic crisis .
the human blockade 01 and reject the machine request for peace ,
thereby it was the human
who were responsible for the war
that enslaves them.the second renaissance is a interesting watch 
with excellent 
traditional animation style and sets a compelling world .
it shows
how the machine were mistreated
and that humanity sowed the seed of their own destruction .
there is a political and social world
and the short tells a lot in it short running time .
the short share theme and a style to the classic silent film metropolis 
partly the beginning with the underworld .
they are the theme of slavery 
the mistreatmant of the working class and racism .
the short also has some religious theme and religious iconography .
mainly that man saw themselves as god
and created the machine in their own likeness .
seeing themselves as the rightful master of the machine .
the machine too use religious iconography ,
mainly forming their nation in 'cradle of human civilisation ' and the machine coming to the united nation
dressed as adam and eve ,
offering an apple.the animation style is beautiful ,
done in the traditional anime style
( like akira ) .
the set design are great ,
combine futuristic with historic city 
e.g .
washington d.c.. there is well down future scene ,
and surprising violence ,
which is key to the film .
the director 
mahiro maeda 
also directed the anime sequence in kill bill vol .
1 
so has good credential to hollywood .
he is willing to use violence
and know
how to keep a story going.the
only real complain is a continuity error to the first matrix film
because morpheus mantions
that the human have no historical record or know
who started the war .
but its a good watch .
