i see a lot of person liked this movie .
to me this was a movie made right
of writing 101 and the person failed the class .
from the time lindsey price the videographer shows up
until the end
the movie was very predictable .
i kept on watching to see
if it was going anywhere.first
we have the widowed young father .
clich\u00e9 # 1 movie/tv always kill off the the mother parent
if the child is a girl 
or a ood of boy
so the single father can get swoon over his dead wife
and seem completely out of his element taking care of the child .
starting from from my 3 son to 2 1/2 dad .
these movie are usually dramas
and comedy are tv shows.clich\u00e9 # 2
when a pushy woman has a video camera in her hand
she will play a big part in the movie .
and will always have solution or even
if that person is a airhead clich\u00e9 # 3
if the person in peril is a foreigner
they have to be of latino origin .
and they must be illegal .
apparently there are no legal latino 's and illegal european ,
unless
if there is a ira element involved.clich\u00e9 # 4
the said
latino must be highly educated in his native country .
in this case he was a profesor
who made 200 per month .
and the said
highly educated latino must now act like he has not ain in his head now
and lets the air head side kick take over.clich\u00e9 # 5 the crime the person
committed really was not a crime but a accident .
but because in this case he has lost all of the sense
he had
when he crossed the boarder he now acts like a blithering idiot
and now has put his own daughter in peril
by taking her along on a fruitless quest to the border with the idiot side kick.clich\u00e9 # 6 one never run over a hoodlum running from a crime 
but some poor little cute kid .
this is because the parent of the child have to play a big part of the movie ,
and
because the the person
who accidentally killed the child can
have ridiculous interaction with the parent.clich\u00e9 # 7 name me one movie
in which one cop is not the angry vet
and they get paired up with a rookie .
even if they are homicide detective
who have to be the most experienced cop on a police force .
sev7n and copy cat and law and order come to mind right away .
and the vet even though gruff on the outside has a heart of gold.clich\u00e9 # 8 let 's go and round up some unemployed soap star .
now i like lindsey price .
but susan haskell imo can not act her way out of a paper bag
and when she use to be on one life to live
as marty he swayed from right to left every time
she opened her mouth .
it use to get me sea sick .
she might be anchored on land better now ,
but she still can not act.the movie might have been more insightful
if it was not filled with clich\u00e9s .
i do not think
a movie has to be expensive or cereal to be good .
but this was just bad .
***spoiler**** now i am not going to spoil the ending .
oh heck i will
because i feel
it will be a disservice to humanity
to let a person waste time
they will never get back looking at this movie .
it involves clich\u00e9 # 6 and # 7. unless a person has never seen a movie
before you had to see what was coming .
the father makes even a dumber mistake run from the cop at the end
and gets shot by the angry veteran ,
who all of a sudden is very upset .
you would think
she thought
the poor guy was innocent all through the movie
and she shot him by mistake .
when she did not .
now for the little girl
who the dad ought along with him .
guess what happen to her ?
time up 
she ends up
living with the family whose child
was killed by her father ! !
come on !
you all knew
that was going to happen ,
because she is a replacement child ! !
that is why
she did not go and live with the lindey price character .
this movie was a insult as far
as i was concerned .
because there were so many avenue this movie could of explored and went down
but it chose to take the clich\u00e9 ridden one .
the 2 star are for 2 of the star 
the little girl ,
who i thought
was very good and lindsey price
who character was annoying
but she did what she could with it .
my advice is take a vice
and squeeze your head with it instead of looking at this dreck
