i first read pearl s buck 's splendid novel in my ninth grade history class ,
and i enjoyed every thrilling page of it .
it was almost inevitable that hollywood would get hold of it ,
and considering
that it was made in 1937 ,
the result are excellent.certain thing have to be accepted :
in 1937 there was no question of casting asian actor in a major hollywood film .
in a way this renders the end product rather more interesting
than if they had been able to use a more authentic-looking cast.with
that obstacle to overcome 
executive producer irving thalberg and director sidney franklin
( among other )
took the trouble
to hand-pick a splendid and stellar cast .
paul muni plays wang lung .
muni was at the peak of his power as an actor during this period ,
and could very nearly play anything
he put his mind to .
once you get past the makeup
( it is good ,
but no one is going to really mistake him for a chinese man ) ,
his performance has all the verisimilitude of his best work.then there is luise rainer .
coming off an oscar win the previous year for her performance in the great ziegfeld ,
the viennese actress 's star was on the rise
and she was given the plum role of o-lan
despite her lack of experience in hollywood .
her performance won her a second consecutive oscar 
the first time in history
that happened.much criticism has been leveled at rainer 's performance 
and her oscar win here .
she has been called wooden and one-note .
there is a small grain of truth in that .
however ,
that being said ,
all you need to do is go back to the book .
for rainer 
though not chinese 
played o-lan pretty much as buck wrote her ;
it is in fact a splendid performance ,
and one of the best transfer from book to screen i have ever witnessed.as for the rest of the cast ,
well this was mgm .
they had the biggest roster of star and character actor in hollywood at the time 
and a big budget
to pay for the best ,
and in the end they got the best.the film soften wang lung 's marriage to o-lan somewhat .
in the novel 
with wealth come the lust of the flesh
and he takes on a concubine 
a move
which devastates his wife but her feeling
as a mere woman do not concern him .
in the film 
a contrite wang lung return to his wife on her deathbed the two pearls he had taken from her year before 
realizing too late
that she was his true love.corny 
yes .
but that is hollywood .
considering the obstacle
they were up against ,
the film might well have opened to scream of laughter .
but despite the noticeable dearth of real asian in the cast ,
this film has worn surprisingly well with the passage of seventy-three year .
in fact the most amazing thing about this film is how good it is ,
when it might so easily
have been a disaster .
