i watched this movie alongwith my complete family of nine .
since my younger other has recently got married ,
we could connect with the goings-on .
the movie stands out for the classical touch
given to the romance of the engaged couple .
thankfully this time all indian locale like ranikhet almora etc have been used ,
which have been already visited by most of the urbanite ,
hence adding to the connection with movie .
the dialogue are much better than those in the `` umrao jaan ada '' - a supposedly dialogue
based movie .
the background music is augmenting the `` soft focus '' of the movie .
it somehow remind me of vv chopra 's `` kareeb '' ,
in which neha and to some extent bobby did full justice to the character .
same here ,
in that the lead pair does not disappoint in any department-looks or acting .
the supporting cast are too good .
i rate the actress playing the role of bhabhi in the front league .
the situation of family interaction portrayed are real and you smile
when you find yourself in place of one of the character .
song were too suiting the scene
and going along well with the movie .
however ,
though i respect ravindra jain for his body of work from movie to ramayana ,
i missed ram laxman badly.it had no double entendre
( sivan category ) ,
no bikinis 
no intrigue 
and no nonsense .
you would comfortably watch the movie with your parent
except if you are already or going to be soon engaged .
i want to express on candid thing here
that
though suraj propose
that the marriage is between family and not only individual ,
his approach is totally individualistic .
the movie is only about prem and poonam ,
rest of the character are incidental .
art immitating life ?
the `` peripheral character '' are consigned to the background
and the only protagonist are the lead pair .
coming back ,
everything was almost great .
except 
for the drama part .
the situation of tragedy was artificially created .
the outcome 
the sacrifice and the ensuing heart change are not compelling at all .
that is why it lacks the emotional punch-the very purpose of this turn of event .
but 
a twist in the tale was necessary
to transcend the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film ' .
but i kept waiting for the punch
and it never came .
the preaching by mohnish bahal and later by alok nath on dowry was out of place
and it made thing too overboard .
may be this will help the movie a tax-free status .
but the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear
than what it was.there were too question in my mind
when the movie ended :
1 has the movie
really ended ?
2 has the movie ended ?
