the night evelyn came out of the grave
( emilio miraglia
- italy 1971 )
.i only watched this delirious piece of euro-tosh in the way of alpha video 's dreadful dvd-release
( looks like an extremely bad video-transfer ) ,
but from what i saw 
not nearly interesting enough
to purchase no shame 's recent dvd-release .
considering their excellent track record ,
it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous release .
and do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here ,
it is not taken from this film
( some girl holding the head of a jim carrey look-a-like )
.spaghetti western star anthony steffen sport a hip hairdo
and assumes the role of lord alan cunningham 
a man haunted by the memory of his dead wife evelyn .
this leads to a nervous eakdown
which has him being retained in a psychiatric clinic .
once released 
cunningham channel this trauma
by taking redheaded prostitute to his countryside castle ,
subjecting them to vicious act of torture .
his doctor and friend 
richard timberlane
( what do you mean ,
italian horror name sound `` made up ?
`` ) 
advises him to forget the past and remarry
but cunningham is obsessed with evelyn and even organizes a s\u00e9ance at the castle .
eventually ,
after killing some more girl ,
he meets gladys 
another redhead ,
and marries her almost immediately 
but the arrival of his new wife spawns a series of sinister event .
bloodthirsty creature strike at sir alan 's family ,
killing them off one by one .
becoming more distraught ,
cunningham visit evelyn 's tomb and discover it to be empty .
soon 
a number of `` outsider '' begin to suspect something
fishy is going on in the castle and lord cunningham 's treatment might not have been that successful after all.director emilio miraglia try to blend gothic horror with giallo convention with limited success .
as usual 
not the slightest effort was made to convince audience
the film is set in england .
the car drive on the right side of the road ,
everyone looks very mediterranean and the castle
( and the rest of the architecture )
is patently italian .
this is common practice in italian horror ,
but sometimes they just take this a little too far .
the bad print made this even slightly bearable ,
since it is so dark ,
you could not see much of the surrounding anyway .
but 
then again 
this is the kind of film
where anything can happen in the name of exploitation
and depicting reality is not really the issue .
a large part consists of sado-masochistic torture scene in the castle torture chamber 
but most of the time 
anthony steffen hams his way through this
and shows some horrible over-acting .
i guess
it all depends on your state of mind
and this can be a fun piece of nonsense
if you are in the right mood .
i just could not take it 
at least not with the print i watched .
a pleasant score though by bruno nicolai
which combines easy-listening tune with some psychedelic rock numbers.camera obscura
-- -
4/10
