we tend to forget
that the master/slave context of the past century lead to more than well-tended estate ,
powered by large group of enslaved person ,
and a lot of money for the white owner .
it lead to a group of person
caught in the middle -
the offspring resulting from slave owner interferring with their female slave.some of these child just became more slave ,
and other were free ... but free and coloured ,
which back then meant anything but ,
relative to the lot of their sires.a class
formed around these offspring
- the gen de couleur lie or free person of colour -
and that class was able 
to a certain extent 
to own property ,
raise themselves from downtrodden to educated 
and to attain a comparative dignity .
that is to say ,
they were not slave ,
but they were still exploited to a certain extent.often ,
the woman
lived as mistress to the white plantation master and man of wealth ,
set up in their own house 
with allowance 
schooling paid for for their child ,
and a kind of gentility 
dependent on the respectability they chose to impose on their family .
in essence 
they were prostituting themselves to ensure their own prosperity ,
and relative independence from labour - an arrangemant
called pla\u00e7age.feast of all saint is a beautifully written story about the child of one such woman 
the result of just such an arrangemant with a local gentleman 
and the person
who touched on their life ,
in both a negative and a positive way .
the tale was an eye-opener for me 
a new zealander 
with no real conception of the black/white line ,
let alone
that grey area in the middle
where the gen de couleur lie trod gingerly.the character are very three dimansional ,
and have been well-rendered in this adaption of the novel 
by anne rice .
the part are well-cast ,
the costume are wonderful ,
and the utal way
the line are drawn out ,
with the blurred area made all the more distinct by the conflict
the protagonist go through .
the gen de couleur lie could not marry the white ,
the slave could not help themselves ,
and the white 
even the sympathetic one 
could not bear to face the economic reality
of doing right by the person
they depended on.i recommand this story 
both the novel and the miniseries 
to everyone 
unreservedly .
if you can not handle the truth
you will cringe and cower through some part ,
as one injustice after another is meted out on those of colour 
both by their white oppressor 
and by their own person .
bear in mind
though that this is nothing more than reality ,
and this tale is an absorbing way
to learn about it.i know
it may sound callous ,
but this miniseries both entertained me and enthralled me ,
despite the sour taste i found in my mouth at what went on ,
and i thoroughly enjoyed it .
watch it .
if not read up on the period ,
because there is a lesson
to be learned from it all .
