down to earth /
( 2001 ) *
( out of four )
by blake french : ''
down to earth '' is such a mislead and desperate comedy
it makes sitting home on the couch
watching a chris rock standup-comedy act on tv look like heaven .
speaking of heaven ,
the film is based on the 1978 movie `` heaven can wait . ''
that was a good movie ,
and this is good-to demonstrate
how a group of aspiring screenwriter can take decent material
and turn it into garbage .
director chris and paul weitz miss nearly every target .
from concept to storytelling 
`` down to earth '' fails miserably ;
this is one incredibly bad production.chris rock is a lousy standup comedian 
both in his role in this movie and in the real life .
he plays lance barton ,
whose manager ,
( frankie faison )
even feel sorry for him
when he is booed off stage during amateur night at a local theatre .
soon after the script establishes his lack of talent ,
the character is killed by a speeding truck .
death ,
played by eugene levy ,
has made a mistake ,
taking lance before his number was up .
god 's assistant
( chazz palminteri )
is very angry
and decides to let lance make up the remainder of his time on earth ,
as long as he takes the only available body of a 60 year old white millionaire.the old man 's name is mr. wellington ,
whose life has problem of its own .
his wife
( jennifer coolidge )
is having an affair with his assistant
( greg germann ) ,
who is robbing him of his money .
but that is all right
because lance 
inside mr. wellington 
has fallen in love with a young black woman
named sontee
( regina king . )
meanwhile 
there are plot to kill wellington ,
lance attempting to get a better body ,
and sontee 's confused feeling dealing with a hospital situation
involving mr. wellington 's finance .
`` down to earth '' has some good idea ,
but they are in a pointless and unconvincing love story filled with contrivance and recycled material .
the biggest problem
it runs into
is how we perceive lance as mr. wellington .
chris rock is the actor with popularity and publicity ,
so he is not going to be absent from most of this movie ;
all of the character see the new lance as mr. wellington ,
but we see him as chris rock .
this is convenient for the love story ;
we believe
a young woman would fall for lance ,
but in reality 
he is actually an old 
gray-haired geezer .
that is not so convincing.the one-joke comic situation is supposed to be watching an old man
doing funny thing
that are really done by a young black man .
but what inspires laughter is
when character run into conflict
without their knowledge .
just look at `` there is something about mary . ''
in the funny scene the character are exposed to awkward experience ,
and not at their will .
here ,
lance know he is in an old man 's body ,
and does thing old man would not normally do .
if lance did not know
the body
he was in then
that may have had potential.another problem with the concept :
we never knew mr. wellington in the first place ,
so how can we compare lance in his body
when we do not know what he was like originally .
to top everything off 
chris rock need to be the center of attention here ,
and makes the character too much like rock .
he recites simple standup routine joke
that are tedious and painful ;
his dialogue is so obvious 
wooden and straightforward .
i hated the film 's sense of humor .
there are so many unfunny joke and horrible comic situation .
it is like watching chris rock
being chris rock 
not a character in a movie.let 's emphasize the positive in `` down to earth . ''
mark addy does not do any worse here
than he did in `` the flintstone in viva rock vegas . ''
eugene levy and chazz palmantari are well cast ,
but they are at the mercy of a scalped script .
those are all the good quality i can mantion at this time ,
and
if you give me another week to recollect ,
it is not likely that i will come up with any more .
