though the title includes the word `` zombie '' ,
this film is not what you would expect from a movie made today ,
though for 1936 the concept is played out about as well
as would probably be expected .
dean jagger portray armand louque 
an officer in the french army of world war i ,
who has stumbled upon an ancient tale of soldier
turned into automaton 
or `` zombie '' ,
who are impervious in battle
and may hold the key to victory in the war ,
though on whose side is not certain .
at first he has trouble convincing his superior of this phenomenon ,
but eventually french general duval
( george cleveland )
order a non military expedition into the ancient cambodian city of angkor
to find the secret of the zombie
and destroy it.the story is played out against the backdrop of a love triangle
involving louque 
duval 's daughter claire
( dorothy stone ) ,
and clifford grayson
( robert noland ) ,
all a part of the expedition .
when louque laments over his lack of forcefulness and resolve 
grayson offer him advice to go
after what he wants in life with all his power .
that advice begins to transform louque ,
particularly after he is successful
in obtaining a stone tablet
resembling a photo from the ancient city .
having followed a temple priest into a swamp ,
louque now appears to hold the secret
he had been seeking ,
though it is not made clear how he has instantaneously been able to command the power of `` zombiefication '' .
all it takes is placing his right fist to the forehead simulating a third eye ,
and casting his thought out to those he wishes to control .
this comes in handy for winning back his girl ,
and taking grayson 's early advice
as he comment to his servant 
`` buna 
we are learning to be ruthless '' .fan of early `` b '' horror flick will recognize the use of bela lugosi 's signature eye stare 
plucked from the 1932 film `` white zombie '' 
also from director victor halperin .
of the two movie 
`` white zombie '' is preferably superior ,
both in story content and in it is depiction of the undead ,
where the zombie have a more sinister appearance
and are more threatening .
in `` revolt '' 
the zombie are enemy soldier with a glazed over look
that merely react to their mentor 's command .
in fact 
the actual revolt of the title occurs
only when louque releases the soldier from his mental command in deference to his love for claire ;
they overrun his compound
and kill him in the process.not to be too harsh on the film ,
it plays out decently within the parameter of it is story outline ,
but if you are thinking `` zombie ! ! ! ''
within the traditional context 
you will probably be disappointed .
if you want to sample an early treatment of the subject ,
the aforementioned `` white zombie '' with bela lugosi is the way
to go .
