this ludicrous and inept film is certainly the most misguided version of `` hamlet ''
to ever reach the screen .
branagh 's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar ;
going to such length
as depicting ophelia in a straight jacket ,
having fortina ' army appear suddenly on the horizon
( looking very much like the climax of `` monty python and the holy grail '' )
when the palace is apparently guarded only by francisco
( who shouts the very un-shakespearean cry of `` ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack ''
before being gunned down ) ,
and multitude of star cameos
that harken back to the day of jimmy cagney 's bottom and mary pickford 's kate.branagh chose to set his film in an edwardian setting but at the same time decided to employ an almost uncut text ,
so that frequently the dialogue
that is firmly rooted in elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context
that it is being performed .
and branagh does not concern himself with such textural subtlety as the ambiguous nature of hamlet and olphelia 's relationship ,
treating the audience to a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple
that tosses any ambiguity right out the stained glass window.the uncut text
does allow branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime :
more footage of kenneth branagh .
this is never so apparent as in the `` how all occasion inform against me '' speech
that ends the first half of the nineteen hour film
( at least that is how it feels ) ,
which attempts to play to a dramatic crescendo along the line of gone with the wind 's `` i will never be hungry again . ''
this may serve branagh 's ego ,
but it does not serve shakespeare or the speech :
when i saw the film in the theater 
i leaned over to my companion and snickered `` great moment with mr .
hamlet . ''
branagh saves the funniest and most tasteless moment for last ,
when he attempts to out-do the olivier film and its justly celeated death of claudius
by having hamlet jump from off a high tower onto the monarch ,
impaling him with a sword .
branagh 's dane does in the king by heroically throwing an apparently magic rapier from across the palace
to run through claudius ' heart with a super hero 's bull eye .
the only thing
that saved the moment
from being unbearably maddening
was that it was so off-the-wall funny.while this film
has been praised in some quarters as a serious depiction of the tragedy ,
it is in fact nothing but a star-studded display of a once-talented filmmaker
being overtaken by his own narcissism .
the emperor has no clothe ,
and this hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintended laugh and the appalling sight of one man 's ego out of control .
