although the notorious bettie page is well acted and shot ,
is is 
at best 
a cliffs notes version of bettie 's biography .
the film mainly center on her work with irving and paula klaw 
the other and sister team
who produced the bulk of her most famous photo .
it does not detail her life after posing 
aside from her religious rebirth .
it cites `` the real bettie page '' 
by richard foster as a source ,
but it ignores bettie 's later year of mantal illness and incarceration in a mantal hospital .
the narrow focus of the biography can be debated ,
but the majority of bettie 's fan and the `` civilian '' would probably be more interested in her modeling career ,
which is what they get.the film is well acted ,
with gretchen mol faithfully reproducing the look of bettie 
as well as conveying the sweetness
that her photo exuded .
the character is played as rather naive 
a probable byproduct of interview
given by bettie in recent year .
it is more likely that bettie was aware of the nature of her photo
but rationalized it as acting and costumes.the supporting cast is also outstanding 
with chris bauer and lili taylor playing irving and paula klaw 
and david strathairn as este kefauver .
the film errs with the character of john willie ,
played by jared harris .
john willie never met bettie page
and was not involved in photo shoot with the klaw .
harris plays willie a bit like peter o'toole 
in his more debauched state.despite the quality of acting ,
the film is a bit of a disappointmant in term of depth .
the story is rather cursory
and we never feel
that we truly get to know bettie .
much like her photo 
it is just an image .
it does tend to exaggerate bettie 's notoriety .
her photo were mainly seen in and around new york 
in a very narrow market of underground and cultish publication .
her real fame came
after her photo were reprinted in the late 70 's and 80 's 
and the cult of betty page
( as her name was usually spelled )
grew .
bettie 's greatest exposure
( pardon the pun )
was in playboy ,
appearing in the january 1955 issue
( the christmas photo ,
which is staged in reverse in the film )
.the film is well done 
if rather shallow .
it is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performance .
it hits the high point of bettie 's life ,
but ignores many detail
which would have given it far greater depth .
the ending is rather a let down .
it feels rather aupt .
still 
the movie is definitely worth viewing by anyone
interested in bettie 
or even the time period .
the soundtrack is great ,
really pulling the viewer into the 1950 's .
if nothing else ,
the film stands as a showcase for america 's burgeoning sexuality and the clash with its puritan past .
it is also a peek at an icon for both man and woman .
