this is a extremely well-made film .
the acting 
script and camera-work are all first-rate .
the music is good 
too ,
though it is mostly early in the film ,
when thing are still relatively cheery .
there are no really superstars in the cast ,
though several faces will be familiar .
the entire cast does an excellent job with the script.but
it is hard to watch ,
because there is no good end to a situation like the one presented .
it is now fashionable to blame the british for setting hindu and muslim against each other ,
and then cruelly separating them into two country .
there is some merit in this view ,
but it is also true that no one forced hindu and muslim in the region to mistreat each other
as they did around the time of partition .
it seems more likely
that the british simply saw the tension between the religion
and were clever enough
to exploit them to their own ends.the result
is that there is much cruelty
and inhumanity in the situation and this is very unpleasant to remember and to see on the screen .
but it is never painted as a black-and-white case .
there is baseness and nobility on both side ,
and also the hope for change in the younger generation.there is redemption of a sort 
in the end ,
when puro has to make a hard choice between a man
who has ruined her life ,
but also truly loved her ,
and her family
which has disowned her ,
then later come looking for her .
but by that point 
she has no option
that is without great pain for her.this film carries the message
that both muslim and hindu have their grave fault ,
and also that both can be dignified and caring person .
the reality of partition makes
that realisation all the more wrenching ,
since there can never be real reconciliation across the india/pakistan border .
in that sense 
it is similar to `` mr and mrs iyer '' .in the end ,
we were glad to have seen the film ,
even though the resolution was hearteaking .
if the uk and us could deal with their own history of racism with this kind of frankness ,
they would certainly be better off .
