i have almost forever been against the inclusion of song in a movie .
my belief was that the quality of the film would automatically be improved
if only those extremely annoying song would be axed .
however 
thing have quickly changed
after watching that horrible black
( no song )
and this movie 
page 3
( plenty of song ) .
while black was weak to an extreme ,
page 3 deliver a gripping story with some strong acting and good direction .
the song were almost incidental and blended in almost seamlessly with the film .
there certainly were not any woman
getting sprayed with water for no apparent reason from mysterious water source
while gyrating wildly on the street at night.i was pleasantly surprised with the bold and unabashed approach
used by the director .
there was no glossing over of anything
and almost every scene was completely believable.i would recommend this film for hindi-speaking person with at least a slight understanding of mumbai life .
the former
because the english subtitling was below par
and contained many error
which 
at time 
completely reversed the meaning of the actual statement .
the latter
because you will definitely appreciate the accuracy of the depiction
once you have lived
it yourself.i would definitely rank this as a work worthy of international recognition .
the scene with the gossiping driver was a nice touch
and it served simultaneously as a source of genuine humour as well as another perspective on the whole mishmash .
the movie does fall short in a few place though ,
where the character sometime say
the most inexplicable thing
which detract from the overall direction of the film.i
also thought
that a couple of the sadder scene were not done very well .
it was a touch amusing to watch 
rather than arouse any feeling
of sadness and the whole scene tended to come across as a bit foolish .
these are minor issue though ,
because the film 
on the whole 
is truly a rare treat to watch.overall ,
it is a cynical 
pessimistic outlook and a refreshing one at that !
actor 
not 'heroes ' -
that is the key .
a chance to glimpse believable human
being in an extraordinary setting
- everyday life .
a behind-the-scene look at the extent of the depravity and a rare ray of hope for indian cinema.8/10 .
