as serial go `` zorro 's fighting legion '' is one of the best action serial of the 1930s .
made in a period
when the studio could still field a large cast ,
this one has wall to wall action throughout its 12 chapters.in 1824 the president of the newly formed republic of mexico benito juarez
( carleton young )
is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing .
to that end 
he has arranged to have rich gold shipmant forwarded to the capitol from the local san mandolita mine.member of the local council plot
to steal the shipmant on behalf of don-del-oro a gold armored god ,
who with the aid of the local yaqui tribe ,
hopes to install himself as the ruler of mexico .
opposing him is don francisco
( guy d'ennery )
who forms a legion of local
to aid juarez .
when don franciso is murdered by don-del-oro 's man 
a stranger 
the fopish don diego
( reed hadley )
arrives in town .
diego aka zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friend ramon
( william corson )
and juan
( budd buster ) .
the token heroine of the piece is ramon 's sister volita
( sheila d'arcy )
.both diego and ramon hold seat on the local ruling counsil .
it soon becomes apparent
that some of the other member of the council are in league with don-del-oro .
first there is the chairman of the council
( leander de cordova ) ,
the head of the militia manuel
( john merton ) ,
chief justice pablo
( c. montague shaw )
and gonzolez
( edmund cobb ) .
zorro suspects
that one of these man is don-del-oro ,
but which one ? what follows are several hair
raising escape by zorro and his confederate from the follower of don-del-oro .
we have the ever present collapsing rope idge 
the deep chasm between two cliff
over which only zorro can jump to safety 
and the usual assortmant of explosion 
fire and coach and wagon crashing or going over the cliff .
hat off here to republic 's fine team of stunt man
lead by the legendary yakima canutt and the yrigoyen 
bill and joe .
canutt performs his signature stunt
jumping on a team of runaway horse
and then falling beneath the coach
which he repeated in other film
including john ford 's `` stagecoach '' the same year.anyway ,
zorro finally unmasks the false god don-del-oro and restores peace to the valley
before riding off into the sunset in chapter 12.other in the cast include jim pierce 
curley dresden and charlie king as don-del-oro 's hence man
and if you look closely you may spot bit by future serial star and lone ranger clayton moore and stuntman canutt in bit .
`` big '' jim pierce by the way ,
may be best remembered for playing tarzan in 1927 's `` tarzan and the golden liom ''
( 1927 )
and for his marriage to joan burroughs the daughter of tarzan creator edgar rice burroughs.thoroughly enjoyable .
