madhur bhandarkar directs this film
that is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous
while also providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today.celeity party endlessly ,
they like to be seen at these party ,
and to get due exposure in the medium .
in fact the film would have us believe
that this exposure makes celeity out of socialite and the newspaper have a huge hand in this .
imo there is much more synergy between the celeity and medium
and it is a `` i need you ,
you need me '' kind of relationship .
however 
the medium needs celeity more and not vice versa .
anyhow 
in this milieu of constant partying is thrown the social column
( page 3 of the newspaper )
reporter konkana sen sharma .
she is shown as this celeity maker 
very popular at the social gathering .
she has a good friend in the gay abhijeet and in the struggling model rohit
( bikram saluja ) .
she room with an air-hostess \u0096 the sassy pearl
( sandhya mridul ) ,
and a struggling actress - gayatri
( tara sharma ) .
the editor of the newspaper is boman irani and a fireand crime beat reporter is played by atul kulkarni .
the movie has almost too many plot diversion and character
but does work at a certain level .
the rich are shown to be rotten to the core for the most part ,
the movie biz shown to be sleazy to the max with casting couch scenario 
exploitation of power 
hunger for medium exposure .
into all this is layered in homosexuality 
a homosexual encounter
that seems to not have much to do with the story or plot ,
rampant drug use 
pedophilia 
police `` encounter '' death .
in light of all this pearl 's desire
to have a super rich husband 
a socialite daughter indulging in a sexual encounter in a car 
the bitching woman ,
all seem benign ill.the film has absolutely excellent
acting by konkana sen sharma ,
atul kulkarni has almost no role \u0096 a pity in my opinion .
but the supporting cast is more than competent
( boman irani is very good ) .
this is what saves the film for me .
mr. bhandarkar bites off way more
than he can chew or process onto celluloid
and turns the film into a free for all bash .
i wish
he had focused on one or two aspect of societal ill
and explored them more effectively .
he berates societal exploitation yet himself exploits all the masala ingredient needed for a film
to be successful .
we have an item number in the framework of a bollywood theme party ,
the drugged out kid dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a western beat .
i hope the next one from madhur bhandarkar dares to ditch even more of the hindi film stereotyped ingredient .
the film is a ave
( albeit flawed )
effort 
certainly worth a watch .
