yes 
commitmant .
let 's say
`` fever pitch '' might trick you into believing
it is a baseball movie.but no ,
you do not have to be a baseball fan
to actually enjoy this picture from the farrelly brother .
but of course ,
if you are one ,
you will enjoy it even more ;
with all the reference
( pretty accurate one ,
i would say )
to the boston red sox and its bittersweet history ;
from the curse of the bambino and everything attributed to it ,
including those two word
you can not pronounce in front of a boston fan :
bill buckner.drew barrymore and jimmy fallon portray two person
who 
usually might have second thought of going into a relationship :
the successful workaholic
who is also affluent meeting a school teacher ?
thing is 
fallon 's character wins barrymore 's heart
by being funny 
caring 
sweet and downright perfect .
but her friend ask her a logical question :
if he is such a keeper ,
why is he still on the market ?
enter the boston red sox .
he is been so committed to his team ever since his uncle passed his sox season ticket to him ;
he has never missed a red sox home game at fenway park in a long while.and
that delicate balance 
how much is the workaholic willing to give up for his guy 's obsession ;
and how much is that baseball-crazed teacher willing to compromise
in order to keep the other love of his life ,
is what this movie is all about.at first ,
you might think
that the sport-obsession bit of the movie are exaggerated for comic relief .
well ,
i am sad to admit ,
they are not .
myself 
as a die-hard houston astro fan 
can say
they are all true .
i would try at every way available to see every 'stros game ;
listen to them on the radio or follow them on the internet .
i read the chronicle 's sport section every day .
and yes 
my room looks like the shed 
minute maid park 's gift shop ; with a closet full of astro gear ,
including 5 jersey 
20 t-shirt
and you know the rest .
fallon 's character even has the red sox mbna mastercard.fallon was credible enough as the fanatical red sox faithful ,
even though he could pull it off
without becoming a cartoon
( thank god adam sandler was not in it ) ;
and the plot revolved around
how this couple tried to manage with each other 's passions.i
would say
it will be a classical romantic comedy .
not enough to be among the best movie in history ;
but certainly eaks a mold into the genre and is appealing enough for man and woman alike .
