i agree with many of the negative review posted here ,
for reason i will go into later on .
but this miniseries is powerful
and convincing
because the talented cast really captures the dark truth of hitler 's world.peter stormare is perfect as ernst rohm 
the utal brownshirt leader .
each scene
he has with hitler
is explosive !
hitler is so evil
he dominates everyone but the thuggish 
primitive rohm
-- and he clearly digs rohm for just that reason .
the interplay between stormare and carlisle illuminates the way hitler relished rohm 's utality ,
but later sacrificed him for political reason.jena malone turns in a heartrending performance as geli raubal 
hitler 's doomed niece and the victim of his unspeakable perversion .
without revealing any of the sexual filth directly ,
jena malone plays out all the horror of the slow extinction of a young girl 's spirit .
she uses her eye and voice
to suggest all the horror
that will be visited on million in the year to come .
and she is illiant !
zoe telford very nearly match jena malone with her portrayal of eva braun .
eva is clearly sick 
cruel and heartless
-- but at the same time almost pitiably dependent on her adolph 's twisted tenderness .
the aborted lovemaking scene between them
( hinting at the spine tingling truth of hitler 's enormous self-loathing )
is both chilling
and erotic.liev schrieber gives a deliciously weasel-like performance as putzi hanfstaengel 
the spineless man-about-town
who is seduced by hitler 's promise of wealth and power .
while a ute like rohm simply loves the idea of crushing skull under his boot ,
schrieber 's character is one of many german
who abhors nazi violence
but can not resist the quick and easy route to money and power .
his weak-willed fawning over hitler soon loses him the respect of his wife ,
played with style and sensuality by the stunning and regal julianna marguly .
they provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal.these performance carry the mini series along ,
easily overcoming occasional weakness in the script .
there is one exception .
regrettably 
matthew modine 's acting chop just are not up to snuff .
his noble lunk-haid journalist ruin every scene
he has
-- the viewer can hardly wait for rohm 's own-shirt to stomp
that smug 
righteous look off his ignorant 
corn-pone low-rent hollywood golden boy face .
but the story still works.now in regard to the factual inaccuracy of the script
-- hitler 's perversion and cruelty are rendered in a viant 
compelling drama .
but the battlefield record of corporal hitler is badly distorted .
as if afraid
the audience can not handle the idea of evil and courage in the same person ,
the writer make hitler look like a whining coward
who `` begged '' for an iron cross .
as if anyone in the kaiser 's army could get a medal just by whining about it !
the movie makes it look
as if hitler were a coward in the trench ,
when he was a fearless soldier .
they also suggest his comrade despised him ,
when in reality he was widely admired by officer and enlisted man alike .
the depressing thing is that the mini-series succeeds so well in representing hitler as a monster in honest way
-- but they just could not resist the cheap shot.all in all 
however 
hitler :
rise of evil is a soaring success
highlighted by powerful performance .
