visual creative epic of inimitable style.this film may neither have the most alternative dramaturgy nor the most artistic acting .
but who dares to say
this film is no art ?
i am not a supporter of the idea ,
that an important film must be serious 
non-commercial or bothering me with question .
even there are a lot of film ,
apposite to this attribute ,
that i like.bogus journey 
for sure 
is not one of this film .
what you get is pure ,
excessive creativity with a very positive charged 
childlike energy .
this film does not reflect reality .
its friendly-naive and utopian .
imagine the world of the future
described by rufus - for me
it
would be a pretty nice time-place combination
to live in !
except of that music ; - )
technically 
bogus jorney is very well made .
i always liked the cinematography and the scenery of this movie .
especially in this point bogus journey tops its prequel by far .
also the effect are good ,
and i think
most of them very made without cgi .
i generally prefer the good old effect in big budget movie .
sure its 'just another hollywood movie ' out of some people view .
but i think
it is this in a very charismatic way.a short word to the soundtrack :
all the band and orchestral music fits very well into the film .
also the sound design has no lack .
i am not a big fan of rock music ,
but i had to get this track by winger from the scene 'station ' build the bill and ted robot in the van .
i love the unorthodox camera work at its beginning.let me conclude
saying this :
this film is very naive and very imaginative !
it is way better than panzerkreuzer potemkin 
the godfather 
eraserhead or aguirre
- the wrath of god .
it is absolutely superior to citizen kane 
apocalypse now or chris marker san soleil ... ...
it is even better than total recall ... no way ! ?
yes way ! bill and ted 's bogus journey is simply the best movie ever made.who dares
to disagree makes himself guilty of `` artsie-fartsy behavior '' or like terminator salvation
( what is the bigger self-defamation )
ps :
part 1 is not the better movie .
so bogus jorney is a superior sequel .
not even terminator 2 is a superior sequel !
its not !
