one question
that must be asked immediately is :
would this film have been made if the woman in it were not the aunt and cousin of jacqueline lee bouvier kennedy onassis ?
the answer is :
probably not.but 
thankfully 
they are
( or were )
the cousin and aunt of jackie.this documantary by the maysle other on the existence
( one could hardly call it a life )
of edith b. beale 
jr. 
and her daughter edith bouvier beale
( edie ) ,
has the same appeal of a train wreck
-- you do not want to look
but you have to.big edith and little edie live in a once magnificent mansion in east hampton 
new york ,
that is slowly decaying around them .
the once beautiful garden are now a jungle.magnificent oil painting lean against the wall
( with cat fece on the floor behind them )
and beautiful portrait of them as young woman vie for space on the wall next
to cover of old magazines.living
alone together for many year has oken down many barrier between the two woman
but erected other.clothing is seems to be optional .
edie 's favorite costume is a pair of short with panty hose
pulled up over them and bit and piece of cloth wrapped and pinned around her torso and head.as edith says
`` edie is still beautiful at 56 . ''
and indeed she is .
there are time
when she is almost luminescent and both woman show the beauty
that
once was there.there
is a constant undercurrent of sexual tension.their eating habit are
( to be polite )
strange .
ice cream spread on cracker .
a dinner party for edith 's birthday of wonder bread sandwich served on fine china with plastic utensils.time
is irrelevant in their world ;
as edie says
`` i do not have any clock .
`` their relationship with man are oh-so-strange.edie feel like edith thwarted any of her attempt at happiness .
she says
`` if you can not get a man
to propose to you ,
you might as well be dead . ''
to which edith reply `` i will take a dog any day .
`` it is obvious
that edith does not see her role in edie 's lack of male companionship .
early in the film she states `` france fell
but edie did not.sometime
it is difficult to hear exactly what is being said .
both woman talk at the same time
and constantly contradict each other.there is a strange relationship with animal throughout the film ;
edie feeds the raccoon in the attic with wonder bread and cat food .
the cat
( and there are many of them )
are everywhere.at one point edie declares
`` the hallmark of aristocracy is responsibility . ''
but they seem to be unable to take responsibility for themselves.this is a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort .
