there is an old saying
that relates to the rousing new film by joe johnston
that goes something like this :
`` the man
who thinks
he can and the man
who thinks
he can not are both right . ''
that is a highly presumptuous statement
referring to self motivating
and belief in an individual ,
which 
in this movie 
stand true
even after road block and family trouble stand in the way .
`` october sky '' is about a young man
who believes in himself named homer hickam ,
growing up in a strict 
traditional family in the 1950 's .
homer love in a small coal mining town
where nearly every man grows up to be a miner .
all of his friend 
quentin 
roy 
and o'dell all think
that their life after high school will be like everyone else 's .
homer is not exited about that future.one night ,
while everyone stare at the sky 
a russian space craft called sputnik pass overhead .
this is something new for homer ,
and he finds it spectacular and overwhelming .
from this point on 
his look at life will never be the same.first ,
he tells everyone
that he wants to work in the rocket scientist area for an occupation .
flabbergasted at what he says ,
his family pass
that idea over their head and continues with life as usual his friend 
however ,
think
that this idea may have some potential .
after all 
quentin is a very smart individual
when it comes to this kind of thing.when the four friend
start to test model rocket ,
and blow a white picket fence to smithereen ,
then what seems to be a forest fire is scared by them ,
they are forced to end their progresses.the performance in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish .
all of the actor give performance
as if this is the real mumbo jumbo here .
standing out in all of the glory :
laura dern as miss riley .
this very well may be academy award material
if the judge can remember back to the beginning of the year
when this film is released.the character
are also extremely well developed .
not only to the filmmaker give clear ,
apparent reason
why homer is interested in the subject ,
but they also explain to the audience
how they are succeeding in their studding of rocketry .
we clearly understand all of the character ' motive and belief 
especially the father ,
who is bent over on everlasting tradition.the film 
unfortunately ,
loses some of its momentum at mid-point
because of a silly 
recycled romantic sub-plot
involving homer 's love interest
and how his other stole her from him .
this type of this is becoming so awfully common in high-school movie ,
not that this film is aimed at high-schooler .
the actor stare at each other mindlessly 
like the are in a trance .
i put up with it
without complaining in 1997 's `` inventing the abbot 
''
but i have had just about enough this.but
that is just a minor complaint .
with an authentic looking time period 
cinematography worth an oscar and clip of the real life homer and friend at the end ,
whom all hit it big with their dream 
especially homer ,
this is the first great film of 1999 .
