elia kazan 
one of the best theater director this country ever had ,
showed he was equally at home with movie .
with `` panic in the street '' 
mr. kazan gives us an early version of what would come later ,
with perhaps his master piece 
`` on the waterfront '' 
although both movie share only the water setting ,
for they are different vision about different subjects.mr .
kazan shot on location in new orlean .
the adaptation by daniel fuch of the edna and edward anhalt story
that are the basis of the film ,
is remarkable in that it takes us to place
that no tourist dared to see
when visiting `` the big easy '' .
one of the big asset of this film is the magnificent black and white cinematography by joseph macdonald
that shows new orlean at its best .
also the music by alfred newman and the song by billie holiday gives the proceedings a nice touch.this film ,
could have been shot in new york 
or another northern big city
because it presents us with character
that speak more like `` oklynese '' than maybe a southern accent
one might hear in that part of the country.one thing comes clear in the movie 
jack palance ,
making his screen debut ,
smolders the screen every time one sees him .
he was so intense !
at the same time 
this tough guy shows a tender side of him
when he goes to see his sick partner ,
who unknown to him ,
is stricken with a fatal disease .
blackie 
comforts this man caressing his sweaty face
and running his hand through the dying man 's greasy hair with abandon .
notable also 
was the fact
that mr. palance and mr. mostel appear to have been doing their own stunt 
something so refreshing
because both actor make it seem real.the film also presents a normal side with the introduction of the reed family at the beginning of the film .
we see a family man painting furniture with his young son .
later he and the wife discuss
how it appears
they can not make end meet with his salary ,
something
that many family have to deal with on a daily basis .
richard widmark ,
playing a normal person
is not as effective
as when this actor plays more cunning and intense person .
barbara bel gedde 
as the wife 
sounds
as though she is a suburban woman from connecticut.the film
is enjoyable thank to mr. kazan 's direction and the excellent cast working in the movie .
