i saw this movie a million year
( 5 year to be exact )
ago for the first the time .
in the light of recent event with the australian woman schapelle corby
being imprisoned in indonesia for so called smuggling pot ,
i decided to watch this movie again .
i excepted to cry my heart out ,
'cause i am sucker for hot girl in need
( just read my review of 'the stalking of laurie show ' ) .
some moist escaped my eye ,
but it were hardly bucket filled with tear .
why ?
not because the two heroine were not utterly adoring and helpless ,
not because the movie was not hearteaking at the sight of these two kid in the prime of their live
locked up in almost inhuman condition .
why then ?
why did i not cry ?
i wanted to cry !
when i rent a movie like this ,
i except to be moved ,
to sob like there is no tomorrow ,
to feel miserable and like it .
this movie was simply too short to do this .
it was just like the script was reduced to the main plot element ,
and
while doing this the psychological aspect was thrown aside .
clare dane and kate beckinsale did an excellent job portraying the emotion of the two friend ,
but this movie just screamed for more footage of these girl in their depressing
( and oppressing )
surrounding .
the mental journey is missing here for some reason .
you only get to see the key moment of it
( which are very touching ,
i admit ) ,
probably because of bad editing .
sometimes i felt
these girl were walking around in a postcard .
the relationship with the family member could also have used a bit more attention .
what is up with the relationship between the girl and the parent
( especially between alice and her dad ) ?
you catch a glimpse of it ,
but the film does not quite offer the whole picture ,
sadly enough.nonetheless this was a great movie ,
and at the end i even had to bite my lip a bit .
but i guess this has more to do with the acting skill
( and the look )
of the actress
( and the music )
then with the merit of the director .
to be honest ,
i hardly knew
who kate beckinsale was before i watched this movie
( again ) .
now 
i am a fan !
great movie ,
as long as you do not expect it to be classic cinema .
