the film torrent was a first and a last for greta garbo .
it was her first american made film at mgm 
the only studio in the usa
that she would ever work at .
it was also the last time
that someone else was billed above her in the credit ,
that being her leading man her ricardo cortez.torrent is based on the popular spanish writer 's vicente blasco ibanez 's work entre naranjos .
it concerns a pair of mismatched lover 
garbo and cortez ,
who can not quite get together ,
mostly due to the machination of cortez 's mother marta mattox .
mattox is a wicked woman
who has some set idea
about who her son should be marrying .
remember this is spain and such arranged marriage were still even in those time quite proper .
mattox has gertrude olmstead in mind as a daughter-in-law ,
she is the offspring of mack swain a man grown rich in hog raising .
swain provides a few moment of comic relief with his tender concern for the piglet
before they grow into big old hog
to be butchered.blasco ibanez
had previous novel the four horseman of the apocalypse and blood and sand previously filmed with rudolph valentino in the lead .
it might have been interesting
if valentino had done this one with garbo ,
but he might have been beyond film
making
when this was done .
in any event 
one of the valentino wannabes ricardo cortez fill in with the male lead.one reason
valentino might not have wanted this film
is because clearly the lead character is garbo 's unlike the other two work previously mentioned .
when she gets done dirt by cortez
who is doing what mattox and her 'adviser ' banker tully marshall tell her ,
she leaves spain
and goes to france
where she becomes a great opera star .
and leads quite the scandalous life there.when
she returns to spain
and try to rekindle thing ,
mattox is even more outraged .
she has a political career in mind for her son .
cortez is now running for the spanish parliament
which curiously enough is called the corte .
the title refer to a flood and a dam eaking
causing all kind of havoc in the countryside .
cortez in fact aves the torrent in a row boat trying to rescue garbo from harm 's way .
when they do get together
they have a utally frank discussion 
the utality coming from garbo.the special effect here ,
primitive
though they seem now are quite remarkable for their time .
they look very similar to the shot
used in 20th century fox 's the rain came
that came out in 1939
and that won an oscar for special effect .
unfortunately for torrent it came out one year
before oscar made his debut.i am not going to give any ending away
so you will have to see the film
to find out
if cortez and garbo get together in the end .
garbo rightly won rave review for her performance and in an age
when exaggerated gesture was the norm in silent screen acting ,
she was remarkably subtle in her role .
so she would be the rest of her career ,
she had a remarkable face for closeups.although greta garbo would go on to do far better work than torrent ,
this film is still a fitting debut for her on the american big screen
and holds up very well for today 's audience .
