most yeti picture are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm .
not so this gloriously bent 
batty and berserk over-the-top italian-made shot-in-canada kitsch gut-buster :
it is a wildly ripe and vigorously moronic ghastly marvel
which reaches a stunning apotheosis of righteously over-baked `` what the hell 's going on ? ''
crackpot excess and inanity.a freighter ship crew discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti
that resembles a hirsute 70 's disco stud
( complete with jumbo wavy afro )
perfectly preserved in a large chunk of ice .
they dethaw the beast ,
jolt him back to life with electric charge ,
grossly mistreat him ,
and keep the poor hairy goliath in an enormous glass booth .
before you can say `` hey ,
the filmmaker are obviously ripping off 'king kong ' 
'' our titanic abominable snowdude eak free of his cage 
grabs the first luscious nubile blonde euro vixen
( the gorgeous pheonix grant )
he lays lustful eye on ,
and storms away with his new lady love .
the yeti gets recaptured and flown to toronto to be showed off to a gawking audience .
of course 
he eak free again 
nabs the vixen ,
and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage.the sublimely stupid dialogue
( sample line :
`` philosophy has no place in science 
professor '' ) 
cheesy
( far from )
special effect
( the horrendous transparent blue screen work and cruddy tonka toy miniature are especially uproarious in their very jaw-dropping awfulness ) ,
clunky
( mis )
direction ,
and a heavy-handed script
that even attempts a clumsily sincere
`` is the yeti a man or a beast ? ''
ethical debate all combine together to create one of the single most delightfully ridiculous giant monster flick to ever roar its absurd way
across the big screen .
better still 
we also have a few funky offbeat touch
to add extra shoddy spice to the already succulently schlocky cinematic ew :
the vixen accidentally ushes against one of the yeti 's nipple ,
which causes it to harden and elicits a big 
leering grin of approval from the lecherous behemoth
( !
) ; the vixen nurses the yeti 's wounded hand
while he makes goo-goo eye at her 
the yeti smashes window with his foot
while climbing a towering office building ,
and the furry fellow even eak a man 's neck with his to
( ! ! ) .
overall 
this singularly screwball and shamefully unheralded should-be camp classic stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid lunacy
that is eminently worthy of a substantial hardcore underground cult following .
