super-slick entertainment with a stellar cast 
an outstanding script 
and a firm grip on the approaching 1950 's .
at the time 
rko was turning out classic noir by the dozen .
but whatever the value of those shadowy downer ,
they reflected a war-time mood soon
to give way the sunnier clime of the eisenhower era .
few film of the late-40 's are further from that noir cycle or more attuned to the coming consumer decade than this sassy little comedy.jim blanding
( cary grant )
works as an ad-man on madison ave. where in his little daughter 's word
-- he sells thing to person
that they do not need ,
at price they can not afford .
he is making good money 
but like thousand of other 
he is tired of living in a cramped urban `` cave '' .
so 
with wife myrnah loy 
they strike out after their dream house in the wild of the connecticutt countryside .
needless to say 
in the arm of nature 
they get more
than they bargained for and in hilarious fashion.there is hardly a lifeless line in the entire script .
i do not know
if writer panama and frank got an oscar ,
but they should have .
of course 
the humor revolves around all the problem
that pop-up
when city person build a big house on rural land .
the annoyance pile up almost as fast as the mortgage ,
with all the eccentric type running the construction show
and giving grant a hard time .
of course 
no one carries off annoyance or frustration more humorously than grant ,
so it is just one well-placed laugh after another ,
particularly when the locked closet appears to have an infernal mind of its own .
yet 
oddly 
the film appears to have no comedic high-point .
instead the laugh are spaced out so expertly
that they do not peak at any particular point .
that is a real movie triumph for any era.reaching back 60 year later ,
we can see
how deftly the script idea look ahead rather than behind .
with their live-in maid 
the blanding may not be a typical american family ,
but that post-war migration from cramped city to spacious suburbia was typical .
and what more suggestive job for the coming consumerism than blanding as an `` ad-man '' tasked with finding catchier way to sell more `` ham '' .
more than anything 
however 
there is the movie 's sunny optimism .
oh sure 
the feeling falter at time 
yet the belief
that a better future is on the horizon
if the blanding just stick to their dream carries them through .
indeed 
life was going to improve for a lot of person during the coming surge ,
so i expect the film resonated deeply with audience of the day .
it is that easily over-looked subtext 
along with the sheer entertainment value ,
that makes this movie a key comedy statement of the post-war period.so ,
if you have not seen it ,
catch it next time around .
