***this post contain spoiler
( s )
*** i am not a big fan of chuck norris as an actor ,
but i worship him in all other way .
he also have his own fan web site with `` chuck norris fact ''
that is really entertaining .
but this movie looks like someone was joking with the audience
putting all those
`` fact '' into one movie .
i really do not remember
when i wasted my time more than with this `` action '' .
i do not know
what is the worst this movie can offer you :
unoriginal and thousand-times-made plot of terrorist who are trying to nuke us by smuggling nuke on us soil or perhaps that `` great '' dialog and chuck word of wisdom about life and everything else .
someone may find the worst
that terrorist actually speak english in everyday life .
it is a never ending list of crap .
not to mention huge amount of archive footage
used in film ,
that is kinda annoying .
the chief terrorist send his comrade message through the medium
when he is captured and the only guy smart enough
to see the treat
is :
chuck norris 
of course .
no one else in america is not smart enough to see that !
and the whole action in capturing chief is just ridiculous .
one man is sent to walk through a whole terrorist camp unarmed
( i am lying ,
he had a knife ) ,
escapes his stalker with jet pack and then para glide for few hundred 
maybe even thousand kilometer to nearest shore
( afganistan border is 450 km far away from nearest shore ) ,
where he is rescued by submarine .
i hoped
that at least fighting scene will be good ,
but that is even more funny than the plot .
if you did not know ,
85 % of terrorist are master of some martial art ,
but chuck and co beat the sh*t out of them .
not only they kill them easily ,
they can kick
and throw them away by a single move and the bad guy fly few meter like doll .
you may ask me did i watch this movie to the end ?
i did .
why ?
because i just wanted to see who 
of these two super hero 
will defuse the nuclear bomb of few hundred megaton and size of a microwave .
and then i realized what fool i am .
of course 
it is chuck 's movie after all .
and not only he singlehandedly defuse nuke with tweezer ,
but he do it - twice ! !
i could write a book about all the stupid thing in this movie ,
but i would spend my life spawn.so ,
maker of this movie made another chuck norris fact to be added on his web site :
can chuck norris defuse nuclear bomb ?
yes and he can do it twice !
