i am the sort of person
who went down to the local liary
and read book on babbage 's difference engine whilst my schoolmate
were playing football etc.. so ,
if there is any such thing as a target audience for this film ,
then i guess
i would probably be included in that.maybe i
just need to watch it again .
a previous reviewer mentioned not to watch this film whilst
being tired .
maybe that was my mistake.i tried my best to enjoy this film ,
and there are aspect of it
that i do like ,
but overall i found it amateurish and quite plodding.being somewhat of a self confessed computer nerd ,
i just can not help but pick up on the exact time frame
when the movie was actually made ,
and how the employed graphic reflect that time
( i.e .
1997 ) .
having played game of the era c.f .
`` mind grind ''
to cite one example ,
this film can not escape that 16-bit colour low re multimedia explosion of that time .
now thankfully this has somewhat lessened in more recent year in the gaming world at least 
in favour of actual game play.having to reort
to watching this movie via a german fta satellite channel
( as i do not think
it is ever been aired on uk fta tv ,
well not recently anyway ) ,
i was mildly amused to see the end credits note gottdog
( god dog )
had 4 person
working on it is design .
maybe it is mean spirited of me to be amused by this ,
given that ten year have elapsed
since the movie was made ,
nevertheless the end reult makes movie graphic from the eighty look good by comparison.but 
as for the main story 
i agree
that the format is not the best idea .
like other i agree
that ada deserves a film
without the sci-fi angle ,
and a more straightforward biographical approach would perhaps be better suited to covering the life story of this remarkable lady.there are fundamental mistake
that undermine my enjoyment of this movie .
first of all the underlying idea
that somehow lost real-world information from the past
can be accurately reconstructed through some sort of extrapolation via software
based intelligent agent 
seems somehow ludicrous.also 
the theme running through the movie
that a computing device can indeed predict the mechanic of all thing through the course of time
( e.g .
the wind ) is now known not to be the case.ok ,
so the victorian may have held this view ,
but the 20th century work of g\u00f6del proving
that no mathematical system can be complete 
turing 's work on the limit of computability 
not to mention chaos theory and quantum mechanic ,
have all completely undermined these idea ,
which seem central
to how the modern day reearcher 's software is supposed to work.finally 
the clicking of the mouse in the air to mean `` programming ''
is also just plain wrong ,
as previously mentioned.this film maybe could have been ok ,
but at least some technical and scientific consultation would have given the film some much needed credit in the believability stakes.i will not forget the film though ,
as like `` pi '' 
it is clearly a unique work ,
but with too many fatal mistake for me to truly enjoy it 
3/10 from me .
