ok 
i know
that a lot of person will probably resent this review
as watership down is a `` classic '' and a standard part of most person 's childhood ,
but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of 18 ,
i must admit :
i really hated it.we watched this film
because my sister had read the book
and really enjoyed it ,
and many person
who whimpered at the very word `` watership down '' - their memory
of seeing the film as child
and having their emotion torn at the seams- recommended it .
to be honest ,
i wish i had not bothered .
i gave it the benefit of the doubt ;
generally i do not like to stop watching a film half way through .
this was an exception .
it was really 
really 
excruciatingly 
sickeningly dull .
this film was possibly the slowest thing i have ever watched
( imagine a doped-up snail in space ) ,
and really did not `` do it '' for me .
the art was alright ;
the background were nicely made
if not a little bland and twee ,
yet the rabbit themselves were not very endearing
and the animation was quite jumpy
and poorly produced.i am not going to go into huge detail about the storyline ;
basically it is the tale of a group of rabbit
who leave their warren due to the infiltration of human in the area .
generally a moralistic story about the peril of human interaction on the environment ,
it uses anthropomorphic rabbit to put the message across .
for me 
i kind of wished
that they would get gassed ,
not because i am a horrible sadistic person ,
but because the character were uninspiring 
annoying 
dull and generally quite rude
( oh i am so terribly english ) .
i found
that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film ,
and it took a whole 20 minute or so
before anything actually happened ,
and
even that was a terrible anticlimax.if i were to praise it in any way ,
i would have to admit
that the concept
of showing child the peril of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of human etc etc is quite well-meaning .
maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy ,
but the message it is trying to put forth
is good in its nature .
the musical score was not bad 
too.so 
to conclude ,
this film is pretty poor .
i could not watch it the whole way
through 
or i would probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom .
granted 
it is not `` torque '' bad ,
but it still does not rate highly in my eye ,
so i have given it a 2/10.hope this helps .
