director kevin connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic lead doug mcclure ,
re-team in this ghost story set in japan .
they had been moderately successful together in the 1970 's 
with the like of 'the land
that time forgot '
( 1975 ) ,
'at the earth 's core '
( 1976 )
etc .
without plastic monster
to carry the narrative along though ,
the result are shabby
and derivative in the most corny way.the film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century 
with a samurai husband
killing his wife and her lover
before committing suicide .
a move forward to the present introduce married couple ted and laura 
visiting japan and moving in to the house
where the tragedy took place.no surprise
as to what happens next ,
with the spirit of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitant with family friend alex
( mcclure )
assuming the role of the wife 's lover.everything rumble clumsily along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant 
to an inevitable
( but surprisingly downbeat )
conclusion .
main point of interest are two feeble decapitation
( 'the oman ' has a lot to answer for in promoting this as a standard horror set-piece ) ,
and the love-making scene featuring the doe-eyed but extremely kinky susan george .
the first is a long 'do not look now ' inspired piece with her hubby 
complete with piano music ;
the second a much shorter
( probably at her insistence )
entanglement with mcclure ,
both looking pretty uncomfortable .
anyway 
every cloud has a silver lining and both scene show of her fantastic knocker
so all is not lost.overall i can not decide whether 'the house where evil dwell ' is rubbish 
watchable rubbish 
or entertaining in a masochistic kind of way .
if you are not into the genre
there is nothing here at all ,
but for horror fan there is probably enough
to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort.best scene
- in any other film the big 
black 
tree-climbing 
japanese-muttering mechanical crabs would have stolen the show .
they are eclipsed though by the legendary family meal scene ,
where a ghostly head appears in the daughter soup .
on seeing this apparition she asks what kind of soup it is
( ! ! ! !
) ,
to be told beef and vegetable ,
before uttering the immortal line `` ugh - there is an awful face in my soup '' .
if this was not enough the reply is `` c'mon ,
eat your soup for daddy . ''
laurel and hardy rest in piece .
