well 
what can i say .
`` what the bleep do we know ''
has achieved the nearly impossible -
leaving behind such masterpiece of the genre as `` the postman '' ,
`` the dungeon master '' 
`` merlin '' 
and so fourth 
it will go down in history
as the single worst movie i have ever seen in its entirety .
and that 
lady and gentleman 
is impressive indeed ,
for i have seen many a bad movie.this masterpiece of modern cinema consists of two interwoven part 
alternating between a silly and contrived plot about an extremely annoying photographer ,
abandoned by her husband
and forced to take anti-depressant to survive ,
and a bunch of talking head going on about how quantum physic supposedly justify their new-agy pseudo-philosophy .
basically ,
if you start your day off meditating to the like of enya and kenny g ,
this movie is for you .
if you have a sense of humor ,
a crowd of person
who know how to have fun ,
and a sizable portion of good weed ,
then this movie is for you as well .
otherwise 
stay away .
take my word for it.the first thing
that struck me about `` what the bleep do you know ''
is that is seemed to be edited
and put together by the same kind of person
that shoot cheap wedding on camera ,
complete with pink heart effect 
computer-generated sparkle across the screen 
and other assorted silliness .
who let these person
anywhere near a theatrical release
is a mystery to me .
i guess this is what too much kenny g does to you .
the movie was permeated with cheesy gci ,
the like
that you or i can produce on our own computer via over-the-counter video editing software ,
but never would ,
because it is just way too ridiculous.the script was _obviously_ written by someone with no writing experience whatsoever .
not only were all the character and conversation cumbersome and contrived beyond belief ,
but the `` writer '' felt
like they had to shove every relevant piece of information 
or rather disinformation ,
which is what most of this movie was all about ,
all the way down your throat .
well ,
given the target audience ,
that may not have been too bad of an idea .
the main character 
for example 
spends half the movie popping pill .
apparently 
though 
it was deemed not convincing enough ,
so there are at least a couple of dialog in throughout ,
which refer to her anti-anxiety pill specifically ,
just in case the viewer should not be able to connect her overacted pain and suffering with little white pill
she takes
whenever she feels down .
the acting ... well 
i have seen better acting in ed wood movie ,
and no 
this is not an exaggeration .
heck 
the little play i was in
when i was 12 featured much more inspiring acting than this .
it really did.the story is interrupted here
and there with a bunch or random
talking head ,
a strange mix of kooky scientist 
kooky doctor 
and self-proclaimed mystic 
go on and on about how quantum physic supposedly provides an `` explanation '' for how ever man or woman
created their own reality
just by participating in the experience of life .
reality 
you see 
is a probability-field of a bunch of different possibility ,
and is only set in stone
once you the observer chose to notice it .
what happens
when more than one observer observes
they did not say ,
but then again who cares .
listen to enya 
meditate 
observe ,
and you shall be god ,
and nobody gives a damn about such silly and archaic thing as critical thinking 
logic 
etc .
all reason is immediately dismissed as person being stuck in their way
and unable to achieve a `` paradigm shift ''
and `` go down the rabbit hole '' .
furthermore 
the heidelberg uncertainty principle supposedly is proof positive of alternate reality 
parallel universe 
and such.speaking of rabbit hole 
the analogy permeates the movie .
all of these person keep
talking about going down rabbit hole .
i am not sure what that had to do with anything else
they were saying or showing ,
but one thing i am certain of is that it somehow involves anal sex .
actually 
the movie is _extremely_ anti-sex .
throughout 
sex is presented as dirty 
ugly 
and anti-enlightening.in any case 
the talking head talk ,
the main character achieve harmony and enlightenment
by painting heart all over her body with a magic marker ,
and proceed to walk around with an even stupider look in her glazed over eye
than she started with.i want 2 hour of my life back.here is a couple of random quote
which i happened to remember : ''
what i think
of as unreal has become a lot more real to me ,
and that ,
which i used to consider real ,
is oftentimes a lot less real than the unreal . ''
- some talking head on the spirituality of quantum physic .
`` what does it take for one man
to have an erection ?
it takes just one thought .
nothing change on the outside ,
all the change are within .
an yet he has an erection ''
- some self proclaimed mystic 
head of her own school of enlightenment .
[
while looking at herself in the mirror ] `` i hate
you !
i hate you !
you are fat !
you are ugly !
i have you ! ''
- main character 
the fat and ugly photographer .
