there seems to be an overwhelming response to this movie yet no one with the insight to critique its methodology ,
which is extremely flawed .
it simply continues to propogate journalistic style analysis ,
which is that it plays off of the audience lack of knowledge and prejudice
in order to evoke an emotional decry and outburst of negative diatribe.journalism 101 :
tell the viewer some fact
only in order to predispose them into drawing conclusion
which are predictable .
for instance 
the idea of civil war 
chaos 
looting 
etc were all supposedly unexpected response to the collapse of governmental infrastructure
following hussein 's demise :
were these not all symptomatic of an already destitute culture ?
doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these vein of islam itself 
rather than a failure in police force to restrain and secure ?
would they rather the us have declared marshall law ?
i am sure
the paper here would 've exploded with accusation of a police state and fascist force.aside from the analytical idiocy of the film ,
it takes a few sideliner
and leaves the rest out
claiming `` so-and-so refused to be interviewed ... ''
yet the question
they would 've asked
are no doubt already answered by the hundred inquisition
those individual have already received .
would you ,
as vice president 
deign to be interviewed by a first time writer/producer
which was most certainly already amped to twist your word .
they could not roll tape of condi
to actually show her opinion
and answer some of the logistic of the question ,
perhaps they never watched
her hearing.this is far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on the ground there .
this is another biased 
asinine approach by journalist -
which are ,
by and large 
unthinking herds.anyone wanting
to comment on war ought at least have based their idea on thing a little more reliable than nbc coverage and cnn commentary .
these interpretation smack of the same vitriol which simply creates a further bipartisanism of those
who want to think and those
who want to be told by the medium what to think .
