horror omnibus films were popular in the seventy .
i am not very fond of them myself ,
but this one is an undeniably excellent slice of british horror cinema .
the house
that dripped blood is a horror omnibus ,
featuring four story
that surround a creepy old house in the country
and are being told to a scotland yard officer by an estate agent.this film
is headlined by three well known star of horror cinema ; peter cushing 
christopher lee and ingrid pitt ,
whom horror fan will recognise as one of lee 's co-star in the greatest british horror film of all time ;
the wicker man.the first segment of the film ,
titled `` method for murder ''
tells the story of a horror storywriter ,
whose creation ;
a strangler
named `` dominic ''
is ought to life by his own imagination .
this story builds suspense very well ;
through his girlfriend 
he ,
and the audience is lead to believe
that what he is seeing is a figment of his imagination .
this story certainly is not very original ,
but it makes up for its lack of originality through the atmosphere
it creates
and it is final twist ;
which works incredibly well and came as a genuine surprise.the second story ,
titled `` waxwork '' 
star peter cushing
and is my least favourite of the four .
this tale follows the story of phillip grayson
( cushing ) ,
a man
that discovers a wax museum and decide to venture in .
inside 
he discovers a woman
that is familiar to him
and who
we later find out is a murderess .
quite what the woman 's relationship with phillip entailed is never really explained ,
but the tale rely more on the mystery
to build the suspense rather than plot detail .
cushing is later joined by his friend 
neville roger
( played by joss ackland )
and that is when the tale really starts to pick up .
the setting of a waxwork museum full of murderer for a horror film is not a new idea ;
the same setting was used to great effect in the excellent 1966 horror film 
`` chamber of horror '' .
although the one here is not as grand as the one in the aforementioned film ,
the power of the setting is used to no lesser a horrifying effect ,
much of which is achieved by a feeling of claustrophobia ,
ought about by the limited area of the museum .
peter cushing is always interesting to watch ,
and seeing him avoid an axe-wielding madman is a treat for the horror fan .
despite being my least favourite ,
this story is still entertaining and interesting enough to not let this anthology down.the film continues with `` sweet for the sweet '' ,
which is without doubt the best of the omnibus .
this story star the legendary christopher lee as a seemingly overprotective father .
the beauty of this story comes from the way
it is played out .
it leaves the audience guessing ;
we know
that there is something wrong with either the father or the daughter ,
but we do not know
who 
or what 
it is .
christopher lee 
as usual 
portrays his character with a great degree of sinisterness ;
the audience is left to simmer over his action regarding
giving his daughter a doll ,
and the fact
that she is not allowed to go to school
or have any toy .
the card of exactly why is held close to the chest until right near the end ,
epitomised by the truly chilling line
in which lee tells his babysitter
that he is 
in fact 
afraid of his daughter .
the ending to this section is superbly played out ,
in my opinion it is one of the finest ending to any horror story
ever told ,
and will stay with you
long after the end credits roll.the omnibus finish with `` the cloak '' ,
which is definitely the most comedic of the four .
this tale is about a hammy horror film star
that ,
unimpressed by his latest film 's technical side ,
goes out
and buys himself a cloak .
naturally 
this cloak turns out to be a real vampire cloak .
unlike the other three tale 
this one seems to be played out mostly for laugh .
that is no bad thing however as the majority of the humour is funny
and it serves as a nice contrast to the rest of the film .
the ending to this tale coincides nicely with the ending to the wraparound story of the film ,
which is a very sinister yet humorous ending to a very good film .
also 
look out for the little jibe regarding christopher lee in dracula .
a nice touch 
i think.overall ,
if you want a horror omnibus ,
you really can not go wrong with the house
that dripped blood .
the third tale alone makes the film worthy of your time
and this is a very solid horror film indeed .
