after seeing midnight offering i am still convinced
that the first decent movie
about ( teenage )
witch yet has to be made .
i did not think
much of the craft and i am not into charmed either .
the only film i more or less enjoyed
( about teenage witch )
was little witch
( 1996 ) ,
and even that one was not very good .
but change are that
if you liked all the aforementioned movie ,
you will also enjoy midnight offering.i
was expecting a silly and cheesy early 80 's movie about teenage witch in high school .
but i was rather surprised
that this whole movie plays it rather serious .
the acting is decent
and serious all the time .
no joke are being played by teenager or something .
and the musical score 
at first 
i thought was pretty good .
it added some scariness
and also something 'classy ' 
with the use of threatening violin and all .
but as the movie progressed i came to the conclusion
that the score was just too ambitious .
they did not have to add those threatening violin
when you simply see someone back up a car and then drive away at normal speed.then there is melissa sue anderson ,
who was the main reason for me to see this movie .
a few week ago 
i saw her in happy birthday to me 
a rather enjoyable 
thick-plotted
( and goofy on some occasion ) slasher-movie
which she had done in the same year as midnight offering .
and i must say ,
she was very good as the icy-cold bad witch vivian .
but the main problem with the movie is :
almost nothing happen !
vivian causes a death and an accident 
yes ,
but that is it .
then there is robin 
the good witch ,
who is just learning about her power .
and we expect the two of them
using their power more than once ,
but at only one occasion they use their power
to make some piece of wood and other stuff fly through the air as projectile .
that was supposed to be a fight between two powerful witch ?
and what is worse ,
i was hoping to see a spectacular show-down between the witch at the end of the movie with at least some special effect 
flaming eye or whatever ...
but nothing happen .
there is sort of a confrontation in the end ,
but it is a big disappointment.so ,
the acting of the two witch was good .
the musical score was decent
( even though overly ambitious ) .
and the cinematography was rather dark and moody at time .
but that does not make a good movie yet ,
does it ?
