in iran woman are prohibited from attending live sporting event
because of the fear
that they will be `` corrupted '' by bad language ,
close proximity to thousand of man 
and the fact
that there are no toilet facility for woman in the antiquated stadium .
based on an actual incident
involving the daughter of the director 
jafar panahi 's offside follows six girl 
disguised as man ,
who are refused entry into the soccer match in 2005 between iran and bahrain 
a match
that will decide whether or not iran goes to the world cup .
in a departure from the bleak 
minimalist film
we have been accustomed to from iran over the last ten year ,
offside is an exuberant comedy
that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal
but contains enough subversive social commantary
to warrant its prohibition from screening in iran.shot with a digital camera
using non-professional actor
who are more than up to the task ,
the girl try to sneak into azadi stadium in tehran
but are arrested
and placed in a holding area outside of the stadium .
they are guarded by three young army conscript
( safdar samandar 
mohammed kheir-abadi 
and masoud kheymeh-kaboud )
who express ambivalence about their task
but are pledged to follow the rule .
the woman are soccer enthusiast 
not political activist and cheer for iran 's victory
but this does not deter the soldier from detaining them
while they wait for the girl
to be transported to the vice squad and an uncertain future.outspoken
rather than acting like victim ,
they continually question the soldier about the rationale behind the restriction ,
making their absurdity quite obvious .
although they can hear the crowd noise ,
the woman can not see the action
but achieve a minor victory
when they persuade one of the soldier to provide a running commantary on the game .
one of the funniest sequence takes place
when a female `` prisoner '' is escorted to the man 's room by a soldier .
the young recruit then must cope with a near riot
when he has to prevent anyone else from using the facility
while the girl is still inside.little by little 
to paraphrase adlai stevenson ,
that
which unites them turns out to be greater than that
which divides them and the unlikely antagonist rally behind their country and root for the victory
that will send iran to the world cup .
although the point is made early
and often and the film sags a bit in the middle ,
offside makes a telling point about a society
where a political elite with a medieval social mantality has to contend with an growing group of educated and politically astute citizen .
one can only hope
that world pressure and the awakening of its own person will force the ayatollahs
to come to term with the 21st century .
