this is the first of `` the complete dramatic work of william shakespeare '' bbc series i have seen ,
and
if all of them are like this ,
i might watch no more .
being practically the full text of the play is everything this `` romeo and juliet '' has going for it 
lacking in all other department .
alvin rakoff reveal himself as a dreadful director 
both in the technical and artistic aspect .
in the former ,
because he commits mistake
that even a first grade film student would wisely avoid .
take in consideration 
for example 
the badly edited first shot of aaham and balthasar in the opening scene 
or the nurse 's entering of friar lawrence 's cell ,
asking
where is romeo with him being so very in front of her
that she had clearly see him
even if she was blind .
and 
in the latter 
because every single one of the performer is misdirected ,
even if some of them are good actor .
rebecca saire looks exactly the way
i have always imagined juliet to look like ,
and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager ,
but her performance totally lacks passion of any kind .
patrick ryecart as romeo is even worse ,
being not only as dull as juliet ,
but also way too old and not even good-looking 
coming across as a combination of malcolm mcdowell and the chucky doll .
putting them together makes impossible
to think
they feel anything for each other ,
let alone being the main player of the greatest love story ever written .
alan rickman 
in his screen debut 
plays tybalt like
if he was darth vader ,
which is a huge mistake
that takes away the complexity
that shakespeare intended 
no character being a hero or a villain
but all flawed human being .
this tybalt is so mean-looking
that we do not believe the character ' pity after his demise .
as for paris 
i kept thinking of `` prince valium '' from spaceball .
only celia johnson manage to do the character of the nurse some justice.at 168 minute ,
this production is unable to make us empathize with the character ,
because the character do not empathize with each other
and never seen to believe their own role .
the best screen version is still franco zeffirelli 's .
but ,
to be fair ,
this bbc one is not nearly as bad as abomination like george cukor 's flamboyant geriatric version 
or the crime against humanity
that is baz luhrmann 's feature-length mtv video .
4/10 .
