when i saw this movie cover ,
the first thing i thought was
that it was made for video .
the second thing
that came to mind
was how similar this looked to another terrible movie `` darkness fall '' 
the tale of this dumb witch
who killed person in the dark .
unfortunately 
darkness fall was quite the masterpiece
compared to this pile of garbage ,
and this movie should not have been made.the film starts off with a small back story for the witch 
or 
more like a pointless introduction of two little kid
who are going to go meet the tooth fairy in hope of her giving them a shiny new bicycle for their tooth .
the opening is filmed poorly ,
and like the rest of the movie 
it is certainly not scary .
in present time 
the movie is about peter
( lochlyn munroe ) .
peter 's renting out his house 
and his ex-girlfriend darcy
( chandra west ) ,
and her daughter cole come to stay there .
cole meets a neighborhood child ,
and they talk of the tooth fairy ,
and how you should not lose your tooth ,
or she will come for you .
unfortunately seconds later 
it looks like the tooth fairy steals her bike and knocks her tooth out
( how ironic ) .
will cole survive the wrath of the tooth fairy ,
and will her mother and peter be able to save her ,
and rekindle their romance ... this is a bad movie ,
you could probably figure
it out.one of the main problem with this idiotic film is how undefined the tooth fairy is .
they say
she kills you
if you lose your tooth 
but nope .
she is more like a serial killer
who kills at random ,
and if you lose your tooth ,
you are definitely going to go .
she steals a bike ,
so apparently
she is a thief too .
i said earlier
that the idea for this movie was based on darkness fall ,
but where did they get the inspiration for the tooth fairy 's appearance ?
let 's see .
she looks like a burn victim ,
and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering child .
hmmm ... it is almost
as though she is an exact rip-off of freddy krueger from the `` nightmare on elm street '' film .
and this is not the worst part of this awful mess ,
the climax is .
this movie might have the most laughable climax
( not literally laughable
because i found it more sickening than funny )
i have ever seen .
do not see this.just a little trivia .
lochlyn munroe was in scary movie ,
and jianna ballard was in scary movie 3 ,
and they both were in this ,
so apparently scary movie star are forced to end out their career with bad scary movies.my rating :
1/2 out of **** .
80 min .
r for violence .
