near the closing stage of baby mama 
one of the central character goes on to describe the basic outline of everything
that came before and summarises
that it 'was all just a mess ' ;
i really could not say it any better than that .
and while the feature does have its odd ray of hope every now and again ,
the vast majority of what is present is too neutered
to be considered relevant
and too unremarkable to be worth anyone 's time .
a lacklustre cast 
mundane script and vague 
caricature character ensure
that baby mama certainly is not taxing on the ol ' noggin ,
but it never makes up for this through its proposed sense of humour .
consisting mainly of very routine 
clich\u00e9 joke
based around an odd couple
( rich and poor )
trying to live with each other
as they prepare to ing a baby into the world ,
the film is far too esoteric to deliver laugh outside its very thin demographic.as a story on finding love ,
it is not that bad ,
but playing this plot line as a side-story of sort to work alongside the comedy-orientated odd couple tangent ,
characterisation is notably weak ,
resulting in a lukewarm romance
that never bubbles .
as character themselves ,
both central figure are mildly amusing
when put together in small space ,
but when left alone quickly unravel and bare their emptiness ;
so
while we may eventually come to find the character 's interaction with each other amusing at time ,
the comedy never anches beyond distant chuckle ;
we do not feel for the character
and do not find them inherently interesting 
but rather their dynamic .
unfortunately however 
although this dynamic works best 
or at least better than the individual personas ,
as mentioned above ,
it rarely stems outside of the typical confine of the odd-couple formula.kate
( tina fey )
is a successful business woman
who has hired working class 
dumb-blonde angie
( amy poehler )
to be her unlikely surrogate ,
and after angie decide to leave hopeless husband carl
( dax shepard ) ,
both eventually have to learn to live together
despite their obvious difference .
yes 
it is the typical odd-couple premise ,
and one
that we have already seen in this year 's what happens in vegas ,
yet what baby mama lacks
that the aforementioned movie had is both chemistry between performer and semi-layered character .
kate and angie both fail to ever show much of a personality outside of their two dimensional outline
and as such both performer are neglected to play out role
that demand chemistry to produce out of thin air .
in fact 
the movie 's only real engaging performance and character comes from the underused talent of romany malco
who gets lumbered with playing a door-man .
of the few time
that i laughed during baby mama 
most of those moment were because of this man ,
and the remainder usually fell to shepard.it is a rare thing of course
to find a movie
which embodies its script 's theme in the way
which its world is shot and presented
to us through the camera ,
and yet director michael mcculler goes from page
to screen effectively enough .
yet 
for a film about baby 
multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotyping 
this is not necessarily a good thing .
baby mama is grade-a 
hammy 
plastic tinsel-town with capital bore topped with sugar .
so not only did i feel emotionally distant to the character
because of their two-dimensional nature ,
but i simply did not care for the world they inhabited .
the dialogue 
along with set 
costume 
and the script 's general theme are painted in pastel blue and pink so much
that all shade of humanity are lost in the director 's incessant need
to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy ;
these are not character
and that is not our world in any way
so why should i care ?
at the end of the day however 
a romantic comedy 's ultimate gauge of success or failure comes down purely to its chemistry between its love interest ,
and the frequency of its laugh ; baby mama has little going on in any of these department .
of course
to say
that the film is without any value at all
would be unfair .
i am sure
female audience in a similar boat as lead character kate may get a slight kick out of the proceedings ,
but anyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored .
in this respect baby mama avoid being unbearable ,
but never convince in being anything remarkable or worthy of a look to anyone outside of its immediate audience ;
a comedic dud and a romantic mismatch 
baby mama is too light-headed
to be interesting and too shallow
to be entertaining.- a review by jamie robert ward
( http :
//www.invocus.net )
