when it comes to creating a universe george lucas is the undisputed master
and his final star war film is very 
very good
( and more appropriately rated in comparison to the two previous film in the original saga ) .
having recently seen revenge of the sith really puts this movie in perspective .
the final battle seems even more climactic knowing
what anakin skywalker went through at the manipulative hand of the emperor .
it also makes the final battle between luke and vader more bitter
considering the love
he felt for padm\u00e9
and the love
she felt for her child .
actually while the new film
( especially episode ii )
are inferior to the original film
they are good for one reason only .
they make the old film
seem even better.mark hamill does an exceptional job in this movie .
he really ings the change luke has gone through seem real .
in all fairness i believe
that he should have become a big actor based on these film
because he really does a great job .
harrison ford is still good .
however 
you can feel
that he has done raider and blade runner in between the two final chapter of star war
because he seems to have grown quite a bit .
he adds more comedy
( obviously inspired from raider )
to the character
which works illiantly .
in short han solo is better than ever .
carrie fisher was never really a good actress
but she does a decent job
and is certainly passable .
ian mcdiarmid appears in this film
and having seen episode iii i can safely say
that he is one of the most accomplished villain ever .
jame earl jone still provides the voice for vader
and he is still very ,
very good.in term of how the movie looks its pretty safe
to say
that the star war universe looks better than in either of the previous
( two ) movie
but this was always lucas ' fort\u00e9
so that is really to be expected .
the final battle over endor is very well made both in term of the general effect and tension wise .
it was also a nice touch
that lucas decided to have three battle take place at the same time
as it added to the overall tension of the climax .
the only thing
i feel
is dragging the movie down from an otherwise deserved 9 are the ewok .
these little creature are so
annoying they almost ruin every scene
they are in .
besides i find it to be a little to kiddy
when a group of teddy bear with bow and arrow can defeat a squadron of storm trooper with laser gun
and mighty machinery.all in all return of the jedi is a very good movie
but the fact
that richard marquand is a less accomplished director
than irvin kershner does
that the overall feel of the movie is less than illiant .
also george lucas ' stupid decision
to add the ewok to the universe does
that the film falls short of illiance.8/10
