i am not kidding about that summary and vote !
the video distributor have packaged this as just another typical '80s werewolf movie ,
but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre
that you can imagine ,
having done for the horror movie what `` blazing saddle '' did for the western .
i have seen plenty of comedy - good 
bad 
stupid 
weird 
etc .
( usually walking away unimpressed ) ,
and i think
that comedy must be the most difficult genre for filmmaker and actor to work in -
it takes just the right kind of touch
to make thing successful ,
and part of that is having good idea .
`` full moon high '' is bulging with good idea - so many 
in fact ,
that it can easily put the zucker/aams team of `` airplane '' and `` naked gun '' to shame .
one of the best of these is the very presence of ed mcmahon in a starring role as a john birch-style right-wing crackpot .
the joke 
non-sequitur 
wisecrack and word-play are literally non-stop
and everything ,
including the kitchen sink ,
has been thrown in .
the ironic tone is very similar to that of `` back to the future . ''
some person
( i.e .
almost every reviewer here )
must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here ,
but i almost died of laughter ,
and this is one of those movie
in which you never know what kind of insane situation will transpire next .
since b-movie extraordinaire larry cohen had not made a straight comedy before this ,
one gets the sense
that he was making up for lost time
by including any joke
he or his collaborator could think of .
if mel brooks had made this ,
the critic would have labelled it a comic masterpiece ,
but
because it was made by cohen ,
it has been dismissed as schlock .
critical review have called this movie too `` silly . ''
silly ?
what is a comedy supposed
to be - serious ? !
anyway 
i laughed out loud more for this movie
than any other i can think of .
cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included 
with plenty of reference to his usual and of low-rent film-making ;
he and the actor must have had a complete blast
making this.the humor is very mel brooks-ish 
and anyone
who loves jewish humor or watches a lot of b-movie
( especially horror )
will love this .
trust me :
the movie is not too hard to find ,
and as long as you accept it for what it is - a roller-coaster of belly laughs with no pretense of social value whatsoever -
then you will truly enjoy it !
! one sidenote :
this movie should somehow go down in history as the one thing bob saget ever starred in
( albeit iefly )
that was actually funny .
