sexo cannibal 
or devil hunter
as it is more commonly known amongst english speaking audience ,
starts with actress and model laura crawford
( ursula buchfellner as ursula fellner )
checking out location for her new film along with her assistant jane
( gisela hahn ) .
after a long day work laura is relaxing in the bath of her room
when two very dubious character 's named chris
( werner pochath )
and thomas
( antonio mayan )
burst in and kidnap her
having been helped by the treacherous jane .
laura 's agent gets on the blower to rent-a-hero peter weston
( al cliver )
who is informed of the situation ,
the kidnapper have laura on an isolated island
and are demanding a 6 million ransom .
peter is told
that he will be paid 200,000
to get her back safely and a further 10 % of the 6 million
if he ings
that back as well ,
faster than a rat up a drain pipe peter and his vietnam vet buddy helicopter pilot jack are on the island
and deciding on how to save laura .
so 
the kidnapper have laura and peter has the 6 million
but neither want to hand them over that much .
just to complicate thing further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe
( hell ,
in all the generation
they have lived there
they have only managed to build one straw hut ,
now that is primitive )
who worship some cannibal monster dude
( burt altman )
with bulging eye as a god with human sacrifice and this cannibal has a liking for young 
white female flesh and intestine ... this spanish 
french and german co-production was co-written and directed by the prolific jesus franco
who also gets the credit for the music as well .
sexo cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the uk
as it was placed on the 'video nasty ' list in the early 80 's
under it is alternate devil hunter title
and therefore officially classed as obscene and banned ,
having said
that i have no idea why
as it is one bad film and even franco ,
who is not afraid to be associated with a turkey ,
decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of clifford brown .
i would imagine
even the most die-hard franco fan would have a hard time
defending this thing .
the script by franco 
erm sorry i mean clifford brown and julian esteban as julius valery
who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product
and wanted his named removed ,
is awful .
it is as simple and straight forward as that .
for a start
the film is so boring
it is untrue ,
the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i
have ever seen
without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved and the horror side of thing do not improve
as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eye plus two tame cannibal scene .
as a horror film sexo cannibal fails and as an action adventure
it has no more success ,
this is one to avoid.director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout ,
a decapitated head is achieved by an actor
lying on the ground with large leaf
placed around the bottom of his neck
to try and give the impression
it is not attached to anything !
the cannibal scene are poor ,
the action is lame
and it has endless scene of person randomly walking around the jungle getting from 'a ' to 'b '
and not really doing anything
when they get there either .
it becomes incredibly dull and tedious to watch after about 10 minute
and do not forget this thing goes on for 94 minute
in it is uncut state .
i also must mention the hilarious scene
when al cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff ,
this is achieved by franco
turning his camera
on it is side
and having cliver crawl along the floor !
just look at the way his coat hang and the way he never grabs onto to anything
as he just pulls himself along !
the gore is not that great
and as far as euro cannibal film go this is very tame ,
there are some gross close up of the cannibal mouth
as it chews bit of meat ,
a man is impaled on spike ,
there is some blood and a handful of intestine .
there is a fair bit of nudity in sexo cannibal and an unpleasant rape
scene.sexo cannibal must have had a low budget and i mean low .
this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effect and rock bottom production value .
the only decent thing
about it is the jungle setting
which at least looks authentic .
the music suck and sound effect become annoying
as there is lot of heavy eathing
whenever the cannibal is on screen .
the acting suck 
the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway
but no one in this thing can act.sexo cannibal is a terrible film
that commits the fatal mistake
of being as boring as hell .
the only good thing i can say
is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere
to it
and those close up of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross .
anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience
should give sexo cannibal as wide a berth as possible 
one to avoid .
