it would require the beauty and eloquence of shakespeare to do justice to this outstanding cinematic feat .
nevertheless 
i will give it a go.as far as adaptation of hamlet go this one is already at a better starting point than all other version
since it encompasses the entire play .
still this is no guarantee for a first-rate movie 
or even a good one .
usually i am not much for movie
that are overlong and the trend
that seems to be prevalent in hollywood today ,
namely
that movie should be at least two hour long 
preferably three 
is one
that hopefully will not last long .
few story are strong enough to withstand such extensive exploration
and could do with some cutting .
making a four-hour-long movie
and keeping it interesting is no small undertaking ,
but kenneth branagh pull it off with flying colour .
he has managed to make a very long movie seem no more than any average movie .
i was completely engrossed from start to finish.the cast is excellent with kenneth branagh
himself
as the tormented prince giving a strong and memorable performance .
he manages to convey his feeling admirably through his voice
and one does not have to be an expert on shakespearean verse
to catch the myriad of emotion
that are waging inside him .
kate winslet was a positive surprise ,
i must say .
i did not know what to expect really .
i have always liked her well enough as an actor ,
but was not sure
she could pull off playing shakespeare .
well 
she certainly eradicated all doubt with her performance .
she is the best ophelia i have seen
and lent such depth to the character
and was simply wonderful .
other illiant performance are derek jacobi as claudius 
richard brier as polonius and nicholas farrell as horatio to name but a few .
i liked the fact
that branagh used some internationally more famous star
to play in some of the minor role ;
i especially enjoyed the sparring between hamlet and the gravedigger
played by billy crystal.the
setting of the play in the 19th century gives a welcome change to the usually gloomier gothic setting .
it is overall much lighter than other version i have seen 
more colourful and lavish ,
but this does not distract from the tragedy of the play .
it is exceptional 
stylish and aesthetically pleasing 
a definite delight to the eye and other sense as well .
the music by patrick doyle is as always magical and thoroughly in tune with the movie .
one can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction
after having seen this .
i am shocked and appalled
that this exquisite work of art did not win an academy award for best picture 
even more so
that it was not even nominated .
there is no way
there was a better movie
made that year 
or any other year for that matter .
this is as close to perfection
as you can hope to get.to sum up 
a stunning work of pure genius and i can not see
how anyone could top this .
my hat 's off
to you mr. branagh .
