seeing this movie was the most fun i
have had at the cinema in a long time .
however 
i am not able to say whether this is a good or a bad film ,
because such simple qualification simply can not be applied .
this picture has everything any movie could ever have .
it has characteristic of a romantic comedy 
a political commentary 
a thriller 
a drama 
an action movie 
a musical 
and an absurdist self-conscious art film .
it is all in there ,
adding up to a myth.the basic premise is about an indian couple 
nandini
( karishma kapoor )
and shekhar
( sanjay kapoor ) ,
happily living in canada ,
who rush to india to visit the husband 's parent after a disturbing news report .
the rest of the story takes place in india ,
where the couple find themselves in the midst of a plot of fratricidal violence .
at one point 
the story borrows from `` not without my baby 
''
but to call shakti a remake of anything would be an injustice.the ostensible story line takes a backseat to a number of astonishing interruption ,
including shah rukh khan 's dream of aishwarya rai
which comes
as if out of another movie .
in fact 
the two star are on all the poster ,
but they appear really late in the film ,
and only shah rukh ends up being a real character .
yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.karishma kapoor is the one with most work
to do in this film ,
and she does an admirable job ,
having to link up the film 's twist
and turn with a show of believable emotion .
another notable presence is nana patekar ,
who plays narsimha ,
the tyrannical father of the husband shekhar .
nana patekar dominates every scene
he is in with a scary
but nuanced character.the movie is not without its share of realism .
violence is rampant ,
but truly disturbing in the abuse
received by most of the female character ,
with karishma getting soundly beaten on a number of occasion .
at time 
this violence is clearly disturbing
but ultimately it becomes surreal as every dramatic sequence is usually followed by such comic and spectacular turn
that the overall effect is nothing
but cathartic.i have seen a share of bollywood release ,
and the mixing of genre and incredible plot resolution are certainly their norm .
but `` shakti '' raises the bar by absorbing an even greater masala
without becoming ridiculous .
it is a film
that achieves the grandeur of a shakespearian tragedy ,
where the audience of the rabble and royalty is equally entertained .
it is pure 
gratuitous cinema ,
and the director krishna vamsi must have had a dream of a good time by throwing in every trick in the book .
perhaps 
the all-important message of violence begetting violence and the inspiring extent of motherly love were not the thought on my mind ,
but i came out of watching `` shakti '' exhilarated .
making movie can be the most fun in the world !
