shakespeare behind bar was a strangely uplifting documantary
despite its content .
convict at luther luckett correctional complex in lagrange 
kentucky
who have raped ,
murdered etc and surrounded by bad person in an obviously depressing environmant find something
they genuinely enjoy
and can become important 
popular and celeated in acting .
there are paralleled theme to 'shawshank redemption ' with their institutionalised nature and search for forgife and redemption for their past life .
as we follow a generous 
non judgemantal director ,
who gives up his time each year to direct certain inmate in a chosen play by william shakespeare
( this time around 
the 'tempest ' 
that was cleverly portrayed with the inmate
who could relate to it so much with its penetrating focus on forgiveness and redemption
in which they confide
and relate to )
we are introduced to each actor in formal interview
that are nicely paced with eak up footage of them rehearsing .
each actor has their own story and tell of their regret and reason
why they are there in emotional fashion with melancholic music over each in a traditional documantary sense .
the strongest and most respected inmate
( it would seem )
is sammie .
the director appears to immediately realise
who the most interesting inmate were in sammie
( and later 
hal )
and allows a longer 
more in depth observation into the man and his personality .
his presence is felt on screen and his personal revelation come as a shock to the audience ,
but give him such appeal in his emotional personality
and a particular empathy is felt toward him .
hal is the same at the beginning of the film .
he has other thing
that he does to pass the time
that is shown as a comfortable hobby
as it were in running an on site news oadcast programme .
again 
through personal interview and revelation self admitted by hal
( and nicely shot cutaway of hal 's body language 
not the close-up of his uncertain hand movemant not only observed with him but other as well 
)
in particular his heart felt story about being unsure and scared of his true sexuality in a society
that purely would not accept him as a homosexual until later on in the film
where he is shown to be quite snide and rude to other inmate
involved in the play
as though he deems himself above all of them 
in particular to ron
who already has a frustrating temperamant in his acting .
the relationship between all of the inmate
involved in the play
is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves .
with nice
( if not clich\u00e9d )
motion of time
passing by with title etc
everything seems to go right in the first act ,
and then on the build up to the public performance 
thing predictably go wrong .
an induction of one of the actor being transferred and his character
being replaced by a younger ,
newer inmate gives the narrative a nice subplot into someone
who promises big ,
but in the end disappoints all and does not live up to their expectation .
one inmate in particular
( big-g )
welcomes the new inmate actor
( rick )
with an evident will to nurture him into their beloved practise and hopefully become a good role model .
the film seems to capture each inmate passion so well with something
the audience can relate to especially
when rick is put in the 'hole ' for getting new tattoo
( something nicely hinted upon earlier in the film
when the warden stops a random inmate in the yard
and asks him
when he got a tattoo
that is on his arm
and we learn
it is a punishable offence in the facility )
and big-g 's disappointmant is understood deeply .
a happy ending ?
it all looks great
when they are performing successfully
( even being invited to perform elsewhere )
and a sense of real unity echoes around them 
but in the end 
the film ings everyone back down to earth
that this is short lived and everything they ever had or wanted was
and will always be taken away from them .
it is back to prison
to pay for their crime and no matter
what redemption they seek in acting these play ,
they will not be free man ,
their proud performance and recognition is undermined by the fact
that they are the lowest of the low criminal and a nice halt in the uplifting music
that play in a shot of a long corridor
that coincides with the light turning off and door shutting is a powerful image of their oppression .
the director seemed to be aware
he was watching likable person in the documantary
by given additional information at the end of the film into each actor future from the end of the film
about where they are
and what is happening to them now .
