i remember a certain tuesday 
the morning of 18/6/02
to be exact .
i was dozed off ,
trying to convince myself to get out of bed
when a horrific explosion was heard .
i went to the kitchen
where i have a view of several neighborhood in the southern jerusalem
and saw a pillar of smoke rising from a distant point ,
the sight of the smoke was followed a minute later by the waling of siren .
i remember rushing to my bedroom ,
taking out my binocular ,
racing back to the kitchen
and spotting the image of a glass shattered bus .
the bus was still near the pick up station
where a terrorist boarded on it and with a single click on a tnt device ,
murdered 25 passenger ,
many of whom were on their way to school .
the wife of a good friend of mine 
sat on the bus at the back row 
a seemingly arbitrary and meaningless decision
that saved her life.i am sure
that every israeli has at least one terror-related memory
he wishes
he never would have had
and it was only a matter of time
before someone made a film about it .
as it turned out ,
the movie was about to become a repressed memory of its own.the film is about a play-write on a dry run 
haim buzaglo
( portrayed by 
hmmm 
haim buzaglo
who also wrote and directed the film )
that spends the better part of his day conducting staring contest with his blank word processor page .
in the meantime 
his girlfriend 
a field reporter for the israeli commercial channel 
decides to make a piece about a debt ridden ex-army officer .
buzaglo 
bored and a bit paranoid due
what is medically known as the `` what on earth this hot babe is dating me '' syndrome ,
asks a private eye
to conduct a stakeout on his girlfriend.as the detective progress in his investigation ,
his observation are permeating into the play and later on 
to the life of its actor .
in the meantime 
the play metamorphoses from a comic play into an indictment against the aloofness of the israeli society .
as for the movie 
well 
the movie becomes an exercise in frenzy editing 
ensconced in its petty cardboard character and unreliable dialog
while drifting mile away from the subject
it was supposed to deal with in the first place.when i
say
`` cardboard character '' i refer to the character
that under the writer/director 's obsession for a `` meaningful '' film 
were devoid of any genuine dialog and any shred of reliability .
i will not elaborate too much about it .
suffice to say
that i am sure
that homeless barefoot male prostitute rarely go the theater .
with the intention
to see a play ,
that is.this movie ,
according to haim buzaglo himself
is the first part of a current agenda trilogy .
i sincerely hope
that the other two film will be derived from the experience like the one i wrote about in the beginning of my review
as opposed to the secluded world of character
that are anything but existent and a plot
that is anything but compelling.4/10 in my filmometer.p.s .
this movie was a landmark in austerity .
it was shot in ten day ,
all the cast worked for free
and the entire cost of the film was about 12,000 $
( no ,
i did not omit a zero or two 
twelve thousand dollar ) .
makes you wonder
why it took 34,000 $ to complete blair witch project .
