i am a great fan of the batman comic and i became disappointed
when i could no longer find batman :
the animated series on tv anymore .
i was excited to learn
that there was going to be a new batman cartoon on tv .
i watched the first episode the day
it premiered
and i was very disappointed.first of all ,
the animation is very poor .
it looks like a cheap 
crappy japanese anime .
then again ,
just about every modern-day cartoon is like that.the character design are even worse .
batman looks more like birdman ,
catwoman looks more like chihuahuawoman ,
bane looks more like a red version of the hulk ,
the penguin is a kung-fu master ,
mr. freeze is some undead thing with an iceberg on his head ,
and the riddler is a gothic marilyn manson look-alike
( which is funny
because i do not expect person
who are obsessed with riddle and puzzle to be gothic )
.the worst character design is that of the joker .
they turned him into a monkey/demented bob marley/kung-fu fighter !
the joker is supposed to be batman 's deadliest enemy ,
but in this show he hardly poses a threat
because his crime are so stupid and pointless .
in one episode his plan was to put his joker venom in dog food !
oh 
how evil !
batman is a fascinating and complex character
because he is haunted by the death of his parent ,
which is why
he fights crime .
this version of batman does not seem haunted by his parent ' death
and is not interesting at all .
he is also not a detective ,
just a fighter .
if there is an enemy
he can not defeat ,
he will not study the enemy
to find out their weak point like a detective would ,
he will just build a giant fighting robot
to defeat them .
a lot of time this show does not even feel like a batman show ,
just another ainless anime
that is nothing
but pointless fighting.what i hate
the most about this show is what they did to the villain .
they have taken away everything
that makes them likable and relatable
and turned them into stereotypical evil bad guy .
man-bat is the biggest example .
in the comic 
he is a tragic scientist
who study bats to find a cure for his deafness .
when experimenting on himself 
he accidentally transforms himself into a giant bat creature .
in this show 
he is a mad scientist
who wants to purposely transform himself into a giant bat creature for no apparent reason .
just about all the villain are like that ;
none of them 
with the exception of about one or two 
have an actual motive for their crime.the worst characterization is that of mr. freeze .
in the comic 
freeze was a just a mad scientist
until the genius writer paul dini wrote the bta episode `` heart of ice '' ,
which gave freeze a new origin
that made him a more tragic 
three-dimensional 
and likable villain .
the episode was so popular
that fan accepted it as his actual origin
and it was even used in the comic as his origin .
even that crappy movie batman and robin used it as his origin .
in this show 
he is a petty jewel thief before becoming mr. freeze .
after becoming mr. freeze ,
guess what ?
he is still a petty jewel thief !
great origin .
no wonder
they used it over the one dini created.as a batman fan ,
i do not dislike this show
just because it is not like the comic
because i also liked bta 
the batman cartoon
that came after it ,
tim burton 's batman film 
and obviously 
the superb christopher nolan batman film .
none of them were 100 % loyal to the comic ,
but they were still very good .
the problem with this show is not that it is not exactly like the comic or bta ,
it is that it lacks any sort of depth
that makes other batman medium so popular.i
have given this show so many chance 
but the more i watch 
the more i find
that disappoint me .
i miss the good old day back
when batman cartoon were something
everyone could enjoy .
