i first saw this movie
when i was about 10 year old .
unfortunately i could not watch it to the end
because it was aired late at night .
now i bought it on dvd
because i can remember
that i liked it.this is really not an ordinary horror movie .
it has some horror element but i rather categorize it as fantasy .
i liked it but i hoped for a bit more horror and scary scene .
especially the scene
when anna 's dad comes into the paperhouse
trying to kill her
is a bit short.now to the plot .
this movie is about a young girl
named anna
who gets ill.
while she is ill
and has to lie in her bed
because of her high fewer she turns on
to finishing her drawing about a house
- the paperhouse .
when she fells a sleep ,
which often strangely happens just immediately ,
she finds herself near the house on a big green field .
she realizes
that the house is exactly like the one
she has drawn
and that every new detail also appears in her dream .
one day she draws a boy into the house
to have somebody to talk to .
as she forgets to draw his leg
( because he is sitting behind a window )
the boy can not walk .
later she is being told by the doctor ,
that a boy also has this strange disease
and she realizes
that with the boy she has drawn ,
she also got that boy into her disturbing dream .
she also notice
that it gets harder and harder for her to wake up from her dream .
as she misses her father
who is ofter aoad
she draws her father into the house .
she makes a mistake
and her father is looking very angry on the painting .
she try to rubber him out but realizes
that she can not change anything already drawn .
and next time she falls asleep the horror begins .
her father is mad and blind
( because she draw s*** on his head to mark him as 'invalid ' )
and try to get into the paperhouse and kill anna and his friend .
her dream became a horrendous nightmare .
they manage to escape
and to kill her father and anna can finally wake up .
than anna finds her self in the hospital
where her parent are sitting beside her bed .
the doctor thought
that she fell into a coma or so .
they tell anna
that the other boy died
and that they want to travel to the ocean
to get over those tragical happening .
anna draws a watchtower and notice
that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel
they traveled to .
she runs to the watchtower and meets the boy
( i am just not mentioning his name
because i can not remember it
and do not want to go back to the previous html page )
and can say good bye to him and forget those terrible dream forever.there were a few thing i
did not understand in the movie .
first of all it was the ending
which i absolutely dislike .
i think
it is too long
while the main part of the movie becomes a bit too short .
how does the boy fly a helicopter and speak to anna
as he is supposed to be dead ?
why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall ?
i hated
that scene it was so dumb to me .
it almost ruined the main horror scene.thing i liked were the scene with the photograph of anna 's dad
which was the first real scary and horror scene .
i liked the boy .
the actor was awesome .
he was even better than anna .
i also liked how anna try to get her father out of the painting
while she is asleep
and how she is looking for it in the garbage.overall a good movie .
i give it a 8/10 .
