i watched grendel the other night
and am compelled to put together a public service announcement.grendel is another version of beowulf 
the thousand-year-old anglo-saxon epic poem .
the scifi channel has a growing catalog of inoffensive and uninteresting movie ,
and the preview promised an inauthentic low-budget mini-epic ,
but this one refused to let me switch channel .
it was staggeringly 
overwhelmingly 
bad .
i watched in fascination and horror at the train wreck
you could not tear your eye away from .
i reached for a notepad
and managed to capture part of what i was seeing .
the following may contain spoiler or might just save your sanity .
you have been warned.- just to get it over with 
beowulf 's warrior wore horned helmet .
trivial issue
compared to what came after .
it also appears
that the helmet were in a bin
and handed to whichever actor wandered by next .
fit 
appearance and function were apparently irrelevant.- marina sirtis had obviously been blackmailed into doing the movie by the ringling brother 
barnum and bailey circus .
she managed to avoid a red rubber nose ,
but the clown had already done the rest of her makeup.- ben cross pretended not to be embarrassed as the king .
his character 
hrothgar 
must have become king of the dane only minute before the film opened
and had not had a chance
to get the crown resized
to fit him yet.- to facilitate the actor ' return to their day job waiting table ,
none were required to change their hairstyle at all .
the variety of hair included cornrow 
sideburn 
buzz cut and a mullet and at least served to distract from the dialog .
to prove
it was a multi-national cast ,
all were encouraged to retain whatever accent
they chose.-
as is typical with this type of movie
( at least since mad max ) ,
leather armor was a requirement .
in this case it was odd-shaped 
ill-fitting and and-new.- the female love interest 
ingrid ,
played by alexis peter ,
followed a long-standing tradition of hottie
who should be watched with the volume
turned completely down.- the unintended focus of the movie was a repeating 
compound crossbow with exploding bolt .
it never needed to be loaded
and even had a recoil when fired .
it managed to shred the law of physic 
the integrity of the original legend 
historical fact and plot suspense all by itself.- hrothgar 's palace 
heorot ,
rather than being a norse long hall ,
apparently was designed and constructed by artisan
who sank with atlantis.- beowulf
arrived at the dane ' homeland in a two-masted stern-castled ship
that originally was part of a set ,
the other two being the santa maria and the pinta.- prince unferth observed beowulf 's ship 's approach
using a telescope .
before you could recover from that astounding innovation ,
you got to see the ship from his point of view .
judging from the angle 
the prince was in an aircraft of some sort.- fun fact 1 :
in bulgaria 
fire
( as from a fireplace )
creates light
without heat .
this explains
why you could see the actor ' eath
whether indoor or out.- fun fact 2 :
dark age dancing in denmark look like slow dance i
went to in the 8th grade.- fun fact 3 :
you 
too 
can make a catapult with a timed-release air-burst explosive .
but 
do not expect it to actually harm anything .
incidentally 
beowulf was apparently a veteran of world war ii ,
yelling `` incoming ! ''
to shred any remaining suspension of disbelief.- grendel was so upset
and always in a snit
because as a completely cgi creation he could not leave footprint .
even in snow.- grendel 's mom
( `` hag '' )
was in a foul mood
because she was a single mother
and junior
had not inherited her wing .
recessive gene 
i suppose .
by the way 
we can now make an educated guess
that grendel 's pop was probably swamp thing.- grendel
and mom chose to randomly kill 
fly away with or drag away their prey based only on a close reading of the next few page of the script.- fun medical fact :
being slammed by a mythical beast hard enough
to be thrown fifty foot against stone cause slight facial
scratch
that do not bleed much.- the sword of legend beowulf
used
to dispatch the hag
was as long
as he was tall
and would have contained enough steel
to put a second deck on the golden gate bridge .
luckily the wobbling dispelled any concern over its weight.- best line of the movie :
prince unferth had just been impaled by hag and spit a quart of blood roughly six foot .
princess ingrid cradled him gently
and said ,
`` you are going to be okay 
my prince . ''
so much for that job at the triage clinic.i feel better now .
