rumour has it that around the time
that abba \u0096 the multi-award winning swedish disco favourites \u0096 's star had reached its zenith ,
the band grew disillusioned with singing in english and yearned to perform in their native tongue .
soon after 
problem began to emerge in the onetime-wed locked-watertight partnership
and recording became less and less frequent .
the band dissolved 
albeit unofficially 
in 1982 and pop lost one of its most celeated artist .
although they have never admitted
that there is any truth in those rumour ,
the fact remains
that abba would never have been so
successful had they only recorded in their native tongue .
if you want to appeal to the largest money-making medium market in the entire world ,
then you must cater for english speaking audiences.it is amazing for me how such a small island
that is located a stone-throw away from the european continent
could
have created perhaps the most recognised 
although not most widely spoken ,
language in the world .
everyone speaks a little bit of english ;
whether it be simply 'hello ' or a common swear word -
you will find an english speaker almost everywhere .
pedro galindo obviously did not agree ,
because trampa infernal was never subtitled for global consumption
until it was released recently on budget dvd .
that is a real shame ,
because it is actually a decent slasher movie
that is a lot better than many of its english-speaking genre compatriots.the film launch in the somewhat unfamiliar territory of a pistol duel .
two unidentified character are shown sneaking around a dilapidated complex
searching out one another for the inevitable final showdown .
after some suspense and a couple of near miss 
one of the pistoleer emerges victoriously .
next we learn
that they were only paintball gun
and the two competitor are actually youngster from the local town .
nacho and mauricio are fiercest rival
and mauricio is always trying to prove himself to be better than his soft-spoken opponent ,
but as of yet he has not succeeded.later that night 
whilst the victorious gunlinger celeates his triumph with his girlfriend alejandra and his buddy charly 
mauricio enter the bar
and says
that he has one last challenge for his glorious nemesis .
he says
that this will be the competition
that will prove to the town once and for all
who deserves the uttermost respect .
nacho is at first reluctant
because alejandra warns him of the peril of continual competitiveness ,
but he eventually succumbs to the weight of peer pressure and agrees ;
much to the distaste of his morally superior partner.they plan to head out to the remote region of filo de caballo ,
because recent press coverage has reported
that numerous person have been butchered by what local believe to be a vicious bear .
mauricio proposes
that whoever murders the animal can be regarded as the greatest
and he also promises
that it will be the last battle
that he wages against his adversary.after visiting the armoury to stock up on weapon
and ignoring the warning of the elderly store-keeper ,
the group set out to the remoteness of the secluded woodland .
hunter become hunted
as they learn
that the 'bear ' is actually a homicidal vietnam vet
who is still unaware
that the war has ended
and consider all human as his enemy .
what started as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival
as they are stalked and slaughtered by the malevolent assassin.i picked up trampa whilst
studying in madrid from a mexican student
who lived in the dorm room next-door to me .
i remember
that the copy i watched was faulty
and the tape ended about 10 minute
before the final credit rolled ,
which meant i
never got to see the final scene .
thankfully i came across the budget dvd recently on amazon
and immediumtely added it to my collection .
gallindo 's slasher is a surprisingly good effort
that excels from its skillful direction and enthusiastic plot ,
which attempt to cover area
not usually approached by slasher movie .
it is in fact so good
that it reminded me on more than one occasion of the arnold schwarzenegger classic predator .
this is especially evident in the scene
that show the creepily-masked assassin jogging through the forest and stalking the panic-stricken troupe
as they struggle to escape the maniac 's playground.despite gallindo 's obvious awareness of genre platitude
( the bogeyman even uses a claw-fingered glove a la freddy kruegar ) ;
trampa also attempt to add something different to the standard template .
whilst the majority of the runtime play by the concrete rule of the category ,
the final third herald a significan not step in individuality
as the maniac arm himself with a machine gun and entices the hero to his lair for the final showdown .
from here on 
the film rapidly swaps genre and becomes almost an action film ,
which depending on your taste
will either excite or disappoint you .
the last slasher
that tried to crosseed the two style
was that shoddy eighty entry 'the majorette ' ,
which is not necessarily a good thing.as
is the case with many latin film
( especially spanish flick by almodovar and amenabar ) ,
trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral to its story ,
which is conveyed successfully
without being rammed down the viewer 's throat .
over indulge in the temptation of competitive masculinity and you may not always be the winner .
it is a sugar-coated point ,
but it is handled delicately enough
not to detract from the fun of the feature.trampa may be cheesy ,
but it deserves to be seen and recognised as one of the better late slasher .
the killer looks great in creepy army fatigue and white valentine-style mask and the attempt at originality just about work .
it may lack the gore
that most sincere horror fan enjoy ,
but it has enough in term of suspense and creativity
to warrant at least one viewing .
