this film provides the saga of a legendary wild bill hickock .
he 
buffalo bill cody 
and calamity jane 
are the central characters.as the civil war close ,
lincoln mention his concern
that the country 's dynamism would be enhanced
if person would follow the advice 
`` go west 
young man 
''
which 
mercifully 
the film did not erroneously attribute to horace greeley 
as a number of other did .
but then 
he gets assassinated ,
and some financier speculate
that they can get rich selling weapon to the american indian.in the meantime ,
we see wild bill hickock ,
who interacts with a small boy ,
while a steamboat is loading at a dock along the mississippi .
wild bill uses a bowie knife ,
which he eventually gives to the boy ,
calling it an `` arkansas toothpick 
''
which in reality was a different type of knife ,
though both were used throughout the frontier.hickock eventually meets buffalo bill cody ,
who looks close to the photographs and painting of the actual man .
cody has just gotten married ,
and is inging his ide to the old west to settle down.when
they arrive at their destination ,
they run into calamity jane ,
who has a crush on hickock .
she looks at cody 's wife ,
and asks buffalo bill ,
`` is this your mopsy ? ''
the line was one
that caused the haye board some problem ,
since one definition of `` mopsy '' was prostitute .
demille wanted the line in ,
and one of his aide pointed out
that in beatrix potter 's book about peter rabbit 
three of the rabbit were flopsy 
mopsy 
and cottontail .
he pointed this out
and asked the censor to identify `` the rabbit of ill virtue . ''
it worked ;
the line stayed in.the indian were getting restless ,
in part because of the superior weaponry
they got from the agent of the eastern financier .
cody and hickock were asked to help scout the area ,
so that troop could get safely through to a beleaguered area .
cody led the troop ;
hickock went to check out the activity of an indian chief ,
who was an old acquaintance ,
and who was leading some of the hostile indian.calamity jane gets captured ,
and hickock gets captured trying to save her .
they are ought to the chief ,
and although neither would talk 
torture applied to hickock eak calamity jane 's willpower ,
and she tells
the route cody is using.the two are released ,
and hickock joins up with cody and his force ,
in part to alert them they are walking into a trap .
with hickok 's help 
they hold off the indian attack.hickock decide to go after the gun runner ,
and finally takes them prisoner .
as they are waiting for authority ,
hickock is gunned down
by being shot in the back
while playing cards.there are numerous historic anomaly in the film ,
but it retains the flavor of legend .
pretty good for the 1930s .
