it is hard to imagine a director capable of such godawful crap as 'notting hill '
pulling off something as sensitive and as attractive as this 
but well 
here is the evidence
and it is quite compelling .
several have alluded to tv drama ,
and yes 
this does have a seventy play for today feel at time ,
but is always a cut above ,
mainly i think owing to some quite superlative acting from anne reid and to a fine script
which shadow-boxes with clich\u00e9
without ever getting one on the nose ,
except maybe right at the end .
( i did not like either the tracking shot of indifferent goodbye through the hallway ,
nor the oh-what-a-beautiful-morning final scene :
she deserved a more studied finale
than that i think ,
after all that hard work .
the slipper business was a bit ott too 
on reflection )
.what i mean about avoiding clich\u00e9 :
well 
i for one had a sinking expectation
that the `` mature '' man may 's daughter try to set her up with would be cast in 2 dimension as a repulsive old bore ,
so as to point the contrast more painfully with the attractive 
virile young geezer he is unwittingly competing with .
instead 
we get an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic cameo of a lonely 
clumsy 
not entirely unlikeable and very human fellow ,
who nevertheless does not have much of a clue about entertaining a woman .
it was around that point i started to sit up and pay more attention .
here was a script
that let the actor eathe and do something interesting with fairly minor part .
almost mike leigh in that respect
( minus the contrived catharse
that the latter inexplicably goes in for )
.and of course i was ,
as everyone probably was ,
dumbfounded by what anne reid does with her character and with her body .
she is /not/ `` the repressed 
dutiful housewife discovering herself for the first time '' ,
this is far too simplistic for the character
we have .
again and again there are allusion to her having been a `` bad housewife '' ,
not to mention
that thing she does with tray ,
trying to look nurturing and comely
and only succeeding in looking awkward .
the daughter accuses her of having `` sat in front of the tv all day ''
instead of 
well ,
whatever her motherly duty might be presumed to have been :
she has no answer .
she never was a model wife and mother 
at least not to herself -
that is where a lot of the poignancy comes from 
the sense of someone
having wasted a life
trying to fulfil a role
she simply was not good at 
ever .
