i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink-fest
because jim belushi was involved in it 
and heavily .
but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred .
after a white sox game ended i realized
that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow .
now i could have just gotten up
and walked across the room
to get the remote 
or even to the tv
to turn the channel .
but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state ?
`` nut to that '' ,
i said .
so i decided to just hang tight on the couch
and take whatever fate had in store for me .
what fate had in store was an episode of this show 
an episode
about which i remember very little except
that i had once again
made a very oad 
general sweeping blanket judgment
based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever
to back my opinion up with ,
and once again i was completely right !
this show is a total crud-pie !
belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn .
the woman are physically attractive
but too stepford-is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer .
there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell .
except.. except for the wonderful comic sty ling of larry joe campbell 
america 's greatest comic character actor .
this guy play belushi 's other-in-law 
andy ,
and he is gold .
how good is he really ?
well ,
aside from being funny ,
his job is to make belushi look good .
that is like trying to make butt wart look good .
but campbell pull it off with style .
someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery
so he can win it every year .
without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacan
not looking courtney thorne-smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan
while he alternately beats his chest
and play with the straw on the floor of his cage .
5 star for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon
because he improves the flavor of everything
he is in !
