i saw most of the episode of rmftm as a teenager on `` cliffhanger theater ''
running after midnight on a local station some year ago ,
and then again
when mystery science theatre riffed on it in the early 90 's .
time has not been kind to it .
i can certainly make allowance for the special effect ,
which were quite impressive for a low budget 50 's serial
( imo commando cody 's flying scene were better than george reeves/superman 's in his tv show ) .
and i can also make allowance for the ahem 
`` acting '' ,
and fight choreography - .
except for the guy
who plays the ruler of the moon man .
he is incredibly miscast .
he looks and acts like the fellow
who comes to fix your plumbing 
not the despotic ruler of an alien race .
even the corny dialog works all right - everyone rattles off their line like string of firecracker 
with no wasted time or pause for thing like `` thought '' or `` introspection '' .
since everyone does this ,
the viewer finds it immersive
after awhile ,
and even to my modern sensibility 
it does not bother much .
what really irritates me is the writing and the plotting .
i am not talking about the sunny weather on the moon 
or baking soda powered rocket ship 
or a flying suit
that has control labeled `` up/down '' and `` fast/slow '' .
i am not even bothered by the cheesiness of the resolution to the cliffhanger
that end each chapter .
i am talking about the fact
that our supposed hero are dumber than fence post
and have no cumulative memory .
and by the fact
that
although that the dialog clips along like an express train ,
the plot goes through the same motion again and again .
dig it :
commando cody and his pal are the spearhead of a top secret hi tech science lab
charged with protecting earth
( or at least the usa )
against an insidious alien invasion .
but his office has no guard or security checkpoint .
they do not even have lock on the front door .
so the bad guy walk right in and beat the crap out of the cody and his staff ... not once
( perhaps understandable )
but several time .
they even kidnap his female assistant on the second try .
and they never get any smarter .
to further prove my point ,
allow me to point out the way
that cody jump in his flying suit and fly around
getting into trouble
and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone .
he does this over and over and over .
cody also fly his ship to the moon
( the woman assistant comes along to cook ) ,
stays for about 30 second
and immediately turns around
and comes back .
cody captures one of the atomic ray gun ...
and immediately loses it again to the bad guy
because he could not be bothered to lock it up .
and so on.and you would think
that
if cody 's effort were so vital
to saving the usa from the moon man ,
that he might ask for a few soldier with carbine 
a few helicopter and a tank or two to back him up ,
instead of just working with the local police all the time .
this was supposed to be a military operation ,
but they act like it is another episode of `` gangbuster '' .
it is all rather hard to stomach .
i appreciate
that the creator were severely limited in the scope of their story by budget and time constraint ...
and i appreciate
that cody is actually a reasonably tough home
( even though he loses half of his fistfight ) .
but i just can not help yelling `` door !
lock the doooor ! ! ''
when the gangster simply walk into his lab ,
or try to blow up the ship
and there are no security measures at the landing site in place ...
not even a fence
( ! ) .
still 
it is ok. of the three republic serial i have watched ,
`` phantom creeps '' had a better plot ,
and `` undersea kingdom '' had more atmosphere
( hah ! )
and a better hero than `` radar man '' ,
but it is an ok time-waster .
btw ... why `` radar '' man ?
they did not use radar ,
they used atomic ray gun .
should not the title have been `` atomic ray gun man from the moon ? ''
