many person like this movie and many more love it ,
but it seems that it is all for the wrong reason .
scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way
it has been or is.many person
say
the acting was over-the-top ,
but who better to do an over-the-top character than al pacino .
to say
that pacino went over-the-top in here
would be an understatement .
yet he does it so well ,
he just ings the inner devil out of you so well .
his character tony montana was not such a great guy
to begin with but his thirst for power just ing his sickness of greed to another level ;
an inhumane level .
sure at time pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal
but that does not at all to me seem to be a liability at all .
the supporting cast served its job very well .
michelle pfeiffer was not really at her best
but she certainly fit the role
she played .
on the other hand steven bauer was at his best ,
still he is steven bauer .
mary elizabeth mastrantonio was good
and like michelle pfeiffer fit her role very well .
robert loggia i have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell .
other than pacino they were not really any standout or memorable performance .
everybody just seemed to fit their role
by being there .
they did not fit in perfectly
but were convincing enough.brian de palma did a very good job
directing this movie .
whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance some credit
should be given to the director and i will certainly give de palma that .
brian de palma ,
though not given the respect ,
is a very versatile director by my count .
he knows how to direct movie according to their genre ,
but that at time has not turned out well .
in here it does ,
this is by all count a gangster movie
but few are much better than this one
because of de palma.the writing was great
it was just pure oliver stone .
when i saw the credit at the end of this movie
and saw
that oliver stone had written this i
was not the least bit surprised .
that is a testament to him though .
i have always though of him as a great writer and to me he proves this once again with scarface .
nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than oliver stone.the music
was good but not that great .
it is certainly not my favorite from giorgio moroder .
the music was a little bit too 80s-ish for me
but it did not annoy me .
the cinematography was good 
not amazing but really
who cares with a movie like this.this has probably been one of the most influential movie in the past 25 year
but as mentioned
before it is for the wrong reason .
person should realize
that the character of tony montana is no hero ,
he is a monster .
he is not inspiring in anyway .
he is greedy 
bloodthirsty 
uneducated and self consumed .
yet he is a role model to many person
because he is in some way
or another a rebel but probably most of all
because he is a deluded gangster .
a vigilante would be like mother tereasa next to scarface.the good thing about this movie
though is that it shows
that the tony montanas ' are not the real problem .
if we or the person of authority would want to shut person like him down we could do it
but we do not .
in a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society .
he is somebody
you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself doing it .
the tony montanas ' of this world are the scapegoat of our society .
this in no way excuses person like him .
instead it is more of a reminder
that we should not excuse
or allow ourself to do bad thing
just because we measure up or think
we measure up compared better to a gangster or drug dealer .
i love this movie
because it is more than a corruption movie ,
it is a movie
that in a strange way makes you self reflect .
