i thought the movie
( especially the plot )
needs a lot of work .
the element of the movie remains westernized and untrue to the attempt
of trying to produce an eastern feel in the movie .
i will give three out of many of the flaw of the movie :
first ,
when shen told wendy
that he would help her study the history of china ,
i was really happy
that the audience would receive some information about chinese history ;
but it turns out that the movie did not exactly show wendy actually studying chinese history ; yet instead 
the movie only shows wendy
practicing the method of remembering
what she had studied ,
which frustrated and put me in dismay.second ,
which really bothered me ,
is how the character kept mentioning about moon cake
-- moon cake this and moon cake that
and how good it tastes .
yet they did not really mention the real significance of it .
the only they they talked about
that had any relevance to the moon cake was the autumn festival ,
which they did not explain or go in depth .
they could have mentioned the myth
that correlates with the moon cake
-- the moon lady .
the myth starts of with how there once exist ten sun
and each would rotate rising ,
but one day all ten sun rose up ,
drying up the land with the rising intense heat ;
so the divine archer 
hou yi 
shot nine of the ten sun 
leaving only one sun
( there are different version
where the hou yi shot the eight out of nine sun ) .
because of his heroic contribution ,
he was given the pill of immortality
so he could live on forever in case the ten sun do rise up again ,
but his wife 
chang-o stole it .
after stealing it 
she fled to the moon ,
where she met a hare .
she then came upon an idea
and told the hare to pound the pill into many piece
so she could spread the pill all over earth ,
giving everyone immortality .
( there are a few variation of this story
but throughout my childhood 
i 
most of the time ,
heard about this version ) .
i thought detail
such as this would make the plot more culturally chinese oriented.the last thing
i would point out is the last battle scene of the movie .
the teacher
that were possessed by the monk
were fighting the terra-cotta warrior
( the life-like statue of the soldier )
went against the idea
of how important chinese history is to the chinese .
the terra-cotta warror serves as a connection of china 's past
and it was very westernized
( where evil must be killed in anyway possible )
that the monk in the movie were willing to destroy that connection .
it would be understandable if wendy ,
considering she is chinese-american
and does not have full chinese knowledge ,
had no problem
destroying these priceless artifacts.the whole movie was westernized
because it seemed
that all the monk and shen want to do is fight ... i mean ,
it is rated tvpg due to violence ,
which goes against the confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony .
it would seem more accurate
that the monk try to avoid violence
and try to work thing out peacefully
before having to resort to violence.all in all ,
all of or either of the producer 
writer 
or director did not do their research thoroughly
and did a messy and effortless job instead .
i would suggest
that they either stop airing this movie
or that they re-shoot the movie
so it contains more accurate information ;
however 
i would give it credit
( 2 star )
for removing one stereotype of asian and asian-american of being smart and quiet .
