the sopranos is probably the most widely acclaimed tv series ever ,
so naturally my expectation were through the roof ,
and yet the show surpassed them .
i love the mafia and crime genre in film and i enjoy following the compelling story
set in these world ,
but this is so much more .
86+ hour of material gives the story a chance to not only be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia/action story ,
but also to be a great family drama 
a shocking character study 
a laugh-out-loud comedy 
a illiant psychological examination
dealing with the nature of good and evil 
and an intellectual arty collaboration of representative dream and hallucination all in one .
david chase 's epic series manage to accomplish all of this and more 
and cemant hbo
as the closest tv can get to cinematic perfection ,
paving the road for a number of other series
to continue blowing audience away.realism
is present
when it is needed ,
but chase 's decision to depart from it for effect on occasion for `` dream episode ''
and the like only adds more layer to the series .
chase
-- along with a strong writing staff
including matthew weiner and terrence winter ,
future creator of mad man and boardwalk empire respectively --
turns new jersey into an intricate universe full of the greatest cast of character i
have seen on tv.jame gandolfini domineer the show as tony 
one of the most groundeaking character on tv ever .
tony adhere to half of the mobster stereotype from pop culture ,
but he defies the other half entirely 
and through his family interaction and his therapy session with dr. melfi
( lorraine bracco ,
with whom he has a considerable chemistry
that ensures
that the therapy scene always have a completely different feel to the rest of the show ) ,
we see nearly every side to tony soprano
and learn
that he is more of an everyman
than one would expect.edie falco matches the power of gandolfini 's performance as tony 's wife carmela .
from her mixed feeling about tony 's lifestyle 
to her suspicion about murder 
to her tormant over tony 's cheating ,
to her own thought about infidelity ,
carmela runs the gamut of emotion throughout 6 season
and falco makes her the prime vehicle for the non- mafia viewer to have eye into such a corrupt world .
scene between tony and carmela provide some of the most heartwrenching and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television.the
supporting cast is almost as phenomanal 
and a wide array of character populate the cast over all six season 
somehow
without any redundancy .
nancy marchand steals the show as tony 's overbearing mother livia 
an insight into tony 's personality problem and panic attack .
the familiarity of marchand 's incessant complaint is almost gruesome
since she takes the character so believably far .
michael imperioli is christopher 
tony 's prot\u00e9g\u00e9 ,
whose various poor choice lead him down a road
that is painful to watch but illiantly executed .
drea de matteo play christopher 's girlfriend adriana ,
and is so well- meaning
and loving
that the dark arc her character takes
as she gets too involved with christopher 's career .
tony sirico is paulie ,
introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and a source of comic ,
but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex character on the show ,
and nobody play true anger better than he .
and that is just the tip of the iceberg.familiar faces such as peter bogdanovich 
jon favreau 
ben kingsley 
lauren bacall 
will arnett 
nancy sinatra 
david strathairn 
robert patrick 
hal holook 
burt young ,
and eric mangini make appearance over the course of the show ,
while name as notable as joe pantoliano 
steve buscemi ,
and steven van zandt have regular role as main character in the series .
there are 50+ great character with powerful arc ,
and the excitemant and tension never let up in any of the various subplot throughout the show.comedic elemants
and entire episode filled with illiant hilarity dilute the powerhouse dramatic intensity of the series ,
which is so multipurpose
that for one reason or enough ,
the credit of nearly any episode left me somewhat bewildered .
the sopranos is the most powerful and addicting series i have seen overall ,
and its high are so mindblowing
that i would have to call it my favourite show
in spite of arguable lows
( most of which i disagree with )
.whether you love or hate the ending ,
or what you make of it is irrelevant :
the discussion
it has created
is an achievemant in itself .
the iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history .
there are multiple elemants for anyone to love and marvel at in this show ,
so if you are thinking of watching something else instead ,
do yourself a favour and fuhgeddaboutit .
