much in the same way frank miller and his sin city comic used black and white to express itself
( and its film noir influence ) ,
so does christian volckman with renaissance.it is the year 2054 
in paris .
in the tradition of science fiction 
the future is a ight 
sparkling multi-teared jewel .
this is a jewel in a setting of misery 
inequity and darkness ; ight and beautiful on top with a dark underbelly beneath .
one of these `` ight '' person at the top 
a research scientist from a very large and influential global company
( avalon ) ,
is kidnapped .
the well known and efficient 
captain kara
( voiced by the new jame bond himself - daniel craig ) ,
is assigned the task
to find her.the plot and layout
is not overly original .
it is heavily influenced by film noir 
gibson 's neuromancer and other detective story 
along with movie like blade runner 
sin city 
fritz lang 's metropolis and minority report .
there is the main plot ,
surrounded by other possible sub-plot
that all connect at the end .
it is not hard to figure
it all out.the movie 's strength and originality is in its intense visual presentation .
paris is an intricate array of level and sub-level .
at its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure .
as the city rises 
so does its architectural complexity and luminescence .
yet in this structure 
the top does not equate with elevation of human ideal and behavior .
paris has been intricately animated
and laid out in illiant black and white .
the movie is closer in spirit with sin city
( the comic )
then sin city
the movie was with its source material .
this is done all the more easy ,
because it is still remaining in relatively the same medium ; animation .
much in the same way
as a scanner darkly pushed the visual aspect of story telling ,
so does this .
the light and dark 
black and white create an atmosphere of contrast 
as well as visual ambiguity .
right and wrong 
black and white can lose all meaning at the same time
it is right in front of us .
the movie proves
how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time.in
keeping with the spirit of the movie ,
i can be both critic and fan .
i can love and loath in the same light .
it is definitely an experience i
recommend for lover of the visual art .
so pour another black and tan ,
enter the void and enjoy the ride .
