alright ,
before we review ,
i have to ask :
why is not this listed individually ?
it may have been merely a tv item in italy ,
but to international lamberto bava fan this is its own film .
in america this film is distributed on vhs and dvd as either `` the ogre '' or `` demon 3 '' .
yes 
i know
it has nothing to do with `` demon '' apart from one cast member and the crew .
but yes 
i personally was upset
that this was so hard
to find on this site
which is otherwise so useful.finally 
let 's review `` the ogre '' .
i have seen the trailer for this many time on youtube
and honestly found that rather scary .
the movie itself
( it is feature length ,
therefore making it a movie )
has many many strong part
and does manage to scare .
i was displeased by the last act ,
but on the whole i do not regret having bought the dvd
before seeing it
( available from shriek show ) .
i guess the film 's tv origins explain the last act .
i will not give out any spoilers.the plot is somewhat familiar :
an american horror writer vacationing at an ancient spooky castle with husband and son only to find it exactly resembles the setting of her childhood nightmare .
there are faint echo of `` the shining '' ,
but this is a different and of supernatural horror .
the woman
( virginia bryant )
finds more and more proof
that this is the real life place of her nightmare ,
but her husband will not believe her .
great atmosphere and terror follow.the multiple nightmare sequence were pretty freaky .
the ogre cocoon effect was good ,
it reminded me a bit of uncle frank 's resurrection from the first `` hellraiser '' .
there is also a few good shock and a well done underwater scene .
i give them props
that the film never stooped to imitating american film with similar concept 
namely `` a nightmare on elm street '' .
`` the ogre '' is an original .
and the monster itself was a scary one ,
when it was presented correctly.on
the shriek show dvd there is a lamberto bava interview
in which he is careful to mention
that this is not part of his classic `` demon '' series .
he also gives a lot of credit to the real castle
in which the movie was filmed .
indeed 
this setting contributes a lot to the film .
the simon boswell music helps too.there is lot of good stuff here .
`` the ogre '' is not perfect ,
but it is very much worth seeing .
take
it is a lesser lamberto bava achievement .
