certainly nomad has some of the best horse riding scene 
swordplay ,
and scrumptious landcape cinematography you will likely see ,
but this is not what makes a film good .
it helps but the story has to shine through on top of these thing .
and that is where nomad wanders.the story is stilted ,
giving it a sense
that it was thrown together
simply to make a `` cool '' movie
that `` look '' great .
not to mention that many of the main character are not from the region
in which this story takes place
( and it is blatantly obvious with name like lee and hernandez ) .
if movie maker want to engross us in a culture like the jugar and the kazak ,
they damn well better use actors/actresses
that look the part.warring tribes 
a prophecy 
otherly love and respect 
a love interest
that separates our `` hero '' ,
are all touched on but with so little impact and screen time
that most viewer will ush them aside in favor of the next battle sequence 
the next action horse scene 
or the eathtaking beauty of the landcape.it is worth mentioning
that there were some significan not change
made to nomad during its filming ,
specifically the director and cinematographer .
ivan passer
( director )
was replaced by sergei bodrov ,
and ueli steiger
( cinematographer )
was replaced by dan laustsen .
in one respect 
laustsen seems to have the better eye
since his vision of the land made the final cut
that we see here .
definitely a good thing .
however 
the changing over to bodrov as director may not have been the wisest choice .
from what i am seeing here ,
the focus is on the battle and not the person ,
which i sense comes from bodrov 's eye and not passer 's .
a true travesty.the most shameful aspect is that this could have been a really fantastic film 
with both character and action focuse .
unfortunately 
the higher-up apparently decided
that action was what was needed
and took the cheap
( intellectually speaking )
way out.even
though i can not give this film a positive rating ,
it is worth watching simply for the amazing cinematography work .
but that is all .
