distortion is a disturbing 
haunting film ,
about life imitating art and art reflecting life .
haim bouzaglo 
the director of the film 
plays the role of haim bouzaglo 
artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright ,
who finds inspiration in his suspicion about the subject of his girl friend 's documentary .
as an arab suicide bomber 
disguised in skullcap and american t-shirt 
wander through the landscape in search of his target and his nerve 
haim transcribes his girl friend 's life
as she film her documentary
and incorporates himself and his actor ' life during rehearsal .
but the bomber has already struck
and haim has left the restaurant just minute earlier .
despite the manipulation of time and space ,
the story is crystal clear 
comprehensive and absorbing 
a illiant commentary on the `` distortion '' of everyday israeli life ,
where the political is intertwined with the personal ,
where everyone life `` on the edge 
''
and person never know
whether they are playing leading role in their own life
or are merely dispensable bit player in someone else 's dramatic narrative.bouzaglo plays with this notion of everyone being an actor in someone else 's production illiantly .
we are always voyeurs ,
seeing what the fictional director see illicitly but also what the `` real '' director chooses to reveal .
to remind us
that these glimpse are violation of privacy ,
bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and the bedroom
( sometimes the bedroom is the street and rooftop ) ,
and repeatedly frames his view within tv 
video 
or security screen .
actor play the role of actor
who represent the `` real '' character
played by actor .
of course 
each of the actor is the star of his or her own production 
only dimly aware of their diminished role in their fellow actor 's personal film .
the detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play .
the actor hired to play the role of the detective seeks out the detective for `` tip '' on how to play the role ,
is caught by the detective on surveillance tape ,
and they attend a cast party as their real selves.despite this multiplicity of view ,
there is no mistaking the clear line of this narrative :
the playwright search for subject matter 
the bomber seeks a target 
and the detective stalk the filmmaker .
nor is there any difficulty
locating bouzaglo 's ultimate target\u0097enervated and impotent israel ,
fully conscious of the threatening peril but incapable of meaningful action .
israel is bouzaglo 
the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his play .
israel is also the bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur
who is the subject of the filmmaker 's documentary 
the cheating actor and actress 
and the cuckolded husband .
they are all israel
because they are all helpless ,
caught in inaction or aimless action ,
as the bomber scans the landscape for his best target .
all the character can do
as another bombing is reported
is have sex
and keep `` score '' of victims.there is personal triumph 
vindication 
perhaps revenge at the end of this play within a story within a film ,
but viewer will be left aching for the state of israel
even as they are filled with admiration for bouzaglo 's memorable rendition of a nation 's plight within the telling of an individual 's story .
