this film is pure 'hollywood hokum ' .
it is based upon a novel
called 'not too narrow not too deep ' by richard sale ,
which may or may not have been interesting ;
it would take research to find out !
the story in the film takes for granted many incident and much background
which obviously existed in the novel but
are nowhere to be seen in the film ,
so either the film was savagely cut or the screenplay was a mess from the start .
there is not one millisecond in this film
which is remotely realistic ,
either in term of event or character .
it is pure hollywood fantasy in every respect .
two well-known actor 
paul lukas and peter lorre 
are so under-used and wasted
that there was no point in their
being in the film at all .
they must have been thrown into the mix in the manner
in which one adds a sprinkling of chopped chive to an omelette ,
hoping
that the flavour will be enhanced .
the film is a ponderous attempt at producing a 'morality tale ' ,
and is so corny
that it is laughable .
the story concerns some hardened criminal imprisoned in french guiana
who want to escape from their french colonial prison through a jungle
( very much a hollywood set jungle 
with a rubber snake ) .
naturally there has to be a woman in the story ,
so joan crawford hams it up as a down-on-her-luck tramp
who for some reason becomes irresistible to clark gable 
one of the escaped criminal .
crawford in escaping through the jungle wears high-heeled shoe
and keeps her makeup fresh .
gable flirt and grimace and makes mawkish expression ,
crinkling his ow as was his wont 
smirking and looking suggestively at everybody ,
which was his manner of acting .
it is hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal
when he is always trying so hard to be clark gable
that surely he has not any time left
to be a thief .
( attention-seeker are by definition too busy to steal and unsuited to a task
which requires that person not see them . )
the whole escapade is so ridiculous
that it can only be regarded as light entertainment .
an attempt at religiosity and 'depth ' is made by injecting into the story a mysterious 'angel of mercy '
who voluntarily walks into the prison and pretend to be an inmate .
he helps in the escape
and accompanies all the criminal and minister to their various death ,
helping them to find 'peace ' in their last gasps .
this character is played very well by ian hunter ,
who retains throughout a convincing air of secret knowledge 
smiles enigmatically ,
makes cryptic prophetic remark ,
and has a small spot
trained on his face
to give him a heavenly glow .
the theme is meant to be redemption .
you might call
it the donald duck version of 'hollywood goes moral
and gets heavy ' .
for real depth 
hitchcock 's 'i confess ' of 1953 shows
how it should really be done .
by contrast 
this piece of trivial nonsense shows just how bare the cupboard of meaning were in tinsel town ,
and that
when they went rummaging for something
that might mean something ,
all they could come up with was ,
you guessed it 
more tinsel .
