on an overnight flight from los angele to miami 
lisa reisert
( rachel mcadam )
meets a charming man
who turns out to be a hired killer
who demands her help
killing a businessman or else her own father
will die.red eye
is a terrific thriller
that keeps the audience on the edge of their seat .
the premise is similar to cellular and phone booth
but red eye is better than both of those film .
almost everything about red eye is above average
including the suspense 
the acting and the direction .
most of the film does take place on a plane
but that does not slow down the movie .
the film is very fast pace
and exciting with no slow or boring spot .
wes craven does a really good job
behind the camera .
instead of focusing on the thrill ,
he focuse on the story and the character .
the movie does have its share of suspenseful moment
but that is not what the film is really about .
i also like the way wes craven focuse on the other passenger and the small detail
that become important later on .
red eye really shows his skill at storytelling.red eye also works well
because of its young and talented cast .
rachel mcadam gives a very engaging performance
and her character is hard to hate .
you may even end up cheering for her out loud .
cillian murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance as the villain .
the way he acts charming at first
but then turns psycho
is especially impressive .
the supporting actor are also pretty good
which include brain cox and jayma mays.the movie is also very stylish
and it has this overall creepy vibe to it .
the setting works well
since there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape .
overall 
the tone of the film is consistently creepy .
the screenplay is not as strong as everything else though .
there are a few unrealistic moment
that may distract the viewer .
most of them did not bother me
but there were of few
that left me shaking my head .
also 
the ending is disappointing .
it is not a bad ending
just a very simple one and a different approach would have been better .
since the movie focuse on the character 
there is really no scream moment maybe just a few jump .
if you expect a horror movie
then you will end up disappointed .
in the end 
red eye is an engaging thriller
and it is one of the best movie of the summer .
rating 8/10
