like most person i was intrigued
when i heard the concept of this film ,
especially the `` film maker were then attacked '' aspect
that the case seems to emphasize ,
what with the picture on the cover of the film maker being chased by an angry mob.then ,
to watch the film and discover 
oh ,
what they mean by `` the film maker were attacked ''
was some kid threw rock at a sign and a number of person complained loudly
and said
`` someone should beat those two kid up . ''
the picture on the cover 
`` the chase ''
as it were ?
total faication .
which i guess ty in with the theme of the film ,
lying and manipulation
to satisfy vain 
stupid child with more money and time then sense.i have no idea
what great truth the viewer is supposed to take away from this film .
it is like michael moore 's `` roger and me '' ,
but if `` roger and me '' was moore mocking the person of flint .
it is completely misdirected and totally inane .
wow !
can you believe
that person
who suffered under the yoke of communism
would be really excited to have market full of food ?
what jerks !
and it is not so much 
`` look at the effect of capitalism and western medium blah blah blah '' ,
since it was not just that their fake market had comparable price to the competitor ,
it was that ,
as many person in the film say ,
the price were absurdly low 
someone mention
that they should have known
it was fake
by how much they were charging for duck .
that is not proving anything
except that person
who are poor ,
will go to a store
that has low price 
avo fella ,
way to stick it to the person on the bottom.way
to play a stupid practical joke on elderly person .
you should be very proud .
how about for your next movie you make a documentary about iraq and show
how person there will get really excited for a house
without bullet
hole in the wall and then 
say 
`` haha !
no such house exists !
your so stupid
and loved to be lied to by the medium !
`` .morgan `` please like me '' spurlock unleashed this wet fart of a film
and it is no surprise
since spurlock as one hit wonder prince of the documentary world seems to throw his weight behind any silly sounding concept
to stay relevant in a world
that really has no need of him.avoid like the plague .
