this is the type of movie
where it actually hurts to acknowledge that it really 
really suck .
i normally sanctify stuff like this !
early 70 's grindhouse flick with scrumptious sounding title and a schlocky low-budget atmosphere usually rock .
`` house of seven corpse '' appeared to dispose of even more trump ,
since the cast is a gathering of great genre veteran
( including john carradine 
john ireland and faith domergue )
and the filming location
( the titular house 
the graveyard )
are obviously very expedient for a gloomy tale of terror .
the film opens with its absolute greatest and most hauntingly memorable sequence ,
though sadly enough they are the only one
that qualify as such .
the credit are a splendid montage 
complete with freakish color-effect and eerie freeze-frame ,
illustrating
how the titular house received its notorious reputation .
the last seven owner were mysteriously murdered here and the credit montage gleefully exhibits their final moment .
someone falls down the balcony screaming 
a lady drowns in her bathtub 
and another female body hang dangling from the ceiling and four more macae tableaux .
needless to say
the house is cursed and the awkward behavior of t caretaker mr. price
( carradine )
only fortify this reputation .
in other word 
the house forms the ideal turf for the acclaimed director eric hartman
( john ireland )
to shoot his satanic horror film project .
the film-within-film structure is what mainly causes `` house of seven corpse ''
to be so boring and uneventful .
a lot of movie-material is wasted on crew member putting film spool in the camera and dragging around cable or \u0096 even worse \u0096 faith domergue and charle macaulay portraying horridly intolerable actor stereotype .
the plot finally gets a little interesting
( only a little 
mind you )
when one of the character reads some line from an occult book
and accidentally awakes a rotting corpse in the backyard .
the asthmatic
( judging by the noise
he produces )
zombie slowly head for the house and kills the entire movie crew ,
reminiscent
of how the previous seven turned into corpse .
after a running time of approximately 60 minute 
the film suddenly turns from humdrum into just plain weird and confusing .
i am still unsure
whether the final twist has to do with the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence and all the remaining character suddenly seem to go undergo vast mental transformation shortly
before they die 
for some reason .
i honetly regret
confirming `` house of seven corpse '' is a pretty dreadful movie .
the location and scenery are gloomy chilling ,
but not nearly used to full effect
and there is a serious lack of gruesome bloodshed .
numerous low-budgeted 70 's gem were stunningly gross ,
so the lack of financial mean is no excuse
and the film-within-film murder really do not count .
even the always-reliable veteran star deliver hammy performance and harrison 's direction is completely uninspired .
not recommended ,
unless you think
the zero cool four-and-a-half minute
playing opening credit montage
is worth the effort
of purchasing a copy .
