***spoilers*** like some evil tinkers-to-evers-to-chance double-play combination
we have in `` oman iv '' the evil seed of the deceased antichrist damien thorn come back .
terrorizing his parent his schoolmate his neighbor and finally the entire world as a she named delium york 
asia vieila .
after being given to a `` deserving '' couple the york karen and gene 
fay grant and michael wood ,
by the catholic church 's st. francis orphanage.little delium did not waste any time
making her peasant
felt by scratching her mom at a house party .
later delium almost get killed by a runaway truck
only to have herself saved by this `` devil dog ''
named ryder .
going to school delium takes care of the local bully
by getting the big guy to wet himself in front of all his classmate .
later when his father threatens the york with a law suit
she has his head sliced off in a self-induced traffic accident !
delium is someone
that you never mess with if you know
what is good for you.meanwhile dalia 's dad gene becomes a big man in town on his own ,
or so
he thinks ,
by getting elected to the congress as a champion of the clean air and green tree crowd instead of letting the smog and concrete boy take over the neighborhood with his eye now on he white house itself !
did his atty and strange daughter delium have anything to do with gene york 's sudden good fortune ?
it is only later when jo 
ann hearen 
is hired as delium 's nanny
that the truth 's comes out about her strange and evil power .
jo a new age type realizes
that delium is a bit weird ,
after turning all her white crystal black ,
and calls her new age guru noah 
jim byrne ,
to come over
and check her out .
noah is so upset by what he sees in delium kirilian color viation 
all black and blue with a little pinch of red ,
that it flips him out so bad
that he almost crashed into delium 's mom car.taken on a trip to a psychic festival by jo delium turns the entire event into an inferno
setting the place ,
through mental telepathy 
on fire and heaving everyone
there run for cover
including poor noah
who was at the festival
and ended up with his leg oken .
the and shaken and battered guru was so shook up by the whole experience
that he later checked out of the country to become a hermit in the tibetan wilderness .
jo herself is later thrown out 
with the help of the sweet and cuddly family pet ryder 
of a second floor window to her death
because she knew
and talked too much .
it is when karen is again pregnant
that she decides ,
finally ,
to find out the truth about the real parent of delium .
that is when she ,
and we in the audience ,
come face to face with the truth .
she is not only the feared antichrist of revelation
she is his twin sister !
her other the antichrist himself is about to come on the scene
as her kid other the sill unborn alexander york !
three time were more then enough for the antichrist coming back
to earth to ing about armageddon .
the movie going public were already getting a little tired of of him and his evil adventure .
with a fourth really not necessary since daiman thorn 
the original antichrist 
had been dead and buried for year .
were put through the usual ringer with no one
believing
that little delium is `` thee '' antichrist
until it was almost too late to stop her in her deadly round
of destroying the entire human race .
the movie as bad
as it is is also far too long 
97 minute 
for a horror flick
that could well have told
it is story is as little as 80 minute.having a private eye earl knight 
mchael learner 
and later a former catholic nun sister yvonne 
megan lehch ,
and now faith healer felichy in the film only to be killed off
did not help the plot either .
it only prolonged the suffering of those of us
watching the movie .
you could see the surprise
ending coming
almost as soon as the film `` oman iv '' began with the basis
being cleared for delium 's eventual takeover of the civilized as well as uncivilized world .
what was a bit of a surprise
was delium
doing it with a little help from friend .
