my
giving this a score of 3
is not what i would give the original soviet version of this film .
it seems that american-international
( a studio
that specialized in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60s )
bought this film
and utterly destroyed it
-- slicing a two hour plus film into a 64 minute film !
plus 
much of this 64 minute was new material
( such as the `` monster '' )
-- so you know
that this film bears almost no similarity to the original .
the original film appears to be a rather straight drama about the soviet conquest of space
-- though i really am not sure what it was originally !
for insight into the original film 
read steven nyland 's review
-- it was very helpful.by the way ,
this was the third soviet sci-film i
have seen
that american-international bought and then hacked apart to make a `` new '' film --
standard practice to a company
that was willing to put just about anything on the screen
to make a buck --
provided 
of course 
it did not cost them much more than a buck in the first place ! !
this americanized film was about two rival world power
( not the us and soviet )
trying to be the first to mar .
the tricky `` bad guy '' try but fail and the `` good guy '' rescue one of the idiot astronaut and then head to mar .
unfortunately 
they are temporarily stranded on a moon of mar
where they see some monster
( added by american-international )
that are reaaaally cheesy
and one does bear similarity to a certain part of a female 's anatomy .
then 
they are rescued
-- returning to earth heroes.the bottom line
is that the film was butchered --
turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art
( for the time )
being turned into a grade-c movie .
because of this ,
the soviet really had a reason to hate america !
i am just shocked
that the horrible job a-i did with this film
did not convince them to refuse to sell more film to these jerk !
it is worth a look for a laugh ,
but the really bad moment
that make you laugh
are few and far between .
so 
the film is a dud
-- not bad enough
to make it a must-see for bad movie buff and too dopey
to be taken seriously .
i would really love to see this movie in its original form
-- it must have been some picture .
