this film has nothing whatever to do with the sphinx ,
and the title is just a come-on .
the story concern an imagined true and concealed tomb in the valley of the king 
of king seti i 
second pharaoh of the 19th dynasty 
new kingdom period .
it is not a bad yarn ,
and a great deal of the film is shot on location .
even the scene in the winter palace hotel lobby in luxor were really shot there ,
and not in a studio .
the second unit stuff is endless ,
and they must have been let loose on egypt for week .
frank langella is very good indeed as a sophisticated egyptian .
he should take it up as a sideline .
the film is essentially ruined by one of the world 's most irritating actress 
lesley anne down ,
who plays the lead .
she spends the whole film wondering
how she looks ,
are her blue eye refracting light at the correct angle ,
do all the fella lust after her 
etc .
having started life as a model at the age of ten ,
what hope could there be for her ?
she epitomises everything
that is most revolting about female vanity and dim-witted inanity .
and to think
that this film was directed by franklin shaffner ,
who won an oscar for 'patton ' !
he allows this terrible actress to whimper and simper through the film 
hysterical one moment 
flirting the next 
in a kind of hurricane of idiocy
as she reels from one man to another ,
either screaming
or making bedroom eye ,
it matters not .
she is supposed to be a young egyptologist .
but she has never been to egypt before !
she takes a taxi to giza and catching her first glimpse of the pyramid 
gush in ecstasy :
'but they are so big ! ! ! ! '
barf !
ok 
so that was the script ,
but she takes to the banality too readily ,
giving the impression
that it is her natural element ,
which i do not doubt for a minute .
element of the story are sound .
there is 
indeed 
a serious problem about a black market in antiquity there .
true !
well done !
the novel by robin cook ,
which i have not seen ,
may be ok for all i know .
it was fun to see the name of cyril swern as sound recordist on the film ,
as i knew him pretty well long ago .
stanley kuick 's step-daughter katharina is described as 'draughtswoman ' .
i wonder what that means ?
maybe she did some set work .
anyway 
the antiquity in the film are pretty good 
actually .
and we get to see lot of the cairo museum and numerous scenic location .
they actually go inside king tutankhamun 's tomb !
i do not imagine
that would be allowed today for a movie .
a lot of inappropriate scene take place in mosque .
that would not go down well today ,
but in 1981 such thing were not on the agenda .
the music for the film is absolutely appalling 
worse than lesley anne down in fact !
but there were sound track element
which were surprisingly authentic ,
one
being the cacophony of traffic noise of cairo ,
which is accurately rendered in the background ,
and would make anyone
who knows cairo chuckle nervously .
also 
the loudspeaker calls to prayer are there the whole time 
another touch of authenticity .
why did not they get this right ?
it could have been good .
