the blob starts with one of the most bizarre theme song ever ,
sung by an uncredited burt bacharach of all person !
you really have to hear it to believe it ,
the blob may be worth
watching just for this song alone
and my user comment summary is just a little taste of the classy lyric ...
after this unnerving opening credit sequence the blob introduces us 
the viewer
that is 
to steve andrew
( steve mcqueen as steven mcqueen )
and his girlfriend jane martin
( aneta corsaut )
who are parked on their own somewhere and witness
what looks like a meteorite falling to earth in nearby wood .
an old man
( olin howland as olin howlin )
who lives in a cabin
also sees it
and goes to investigate ,
he finds a crater and a strange football sized rock
which splits open
when he unwisely pokes it with a stick .
laying in the centre of the meteorite is a strange jelly like substance
which sticks to the stick ,
if you know
what i mean !
it then slides up the stick and attach\u00e9s itself to the old man 's hand .
meanwhile steve and jane are quietly driving along minding their own business
when the old man runs out in front of steve 's car ,
steve being a decent kinda guy
decides to take the old man to dr. t. hallan
( alden 'stephen ' chase as steven chase )
at the local surgery .
dr. hallan says
he does not know
what the substance on the old man 's hand is but it is getting bigger and ask steve to go back
where he found him
and see if he can find out what happened .
steve agree but does not come up with anything and upon returning to dr. hallan 's surgery
he witnesses the blob devouring him .
the town 's polouse 
lieutenant dave
( earl rowe )
and the teenage hating sergeant jim bert
( john benson )
unsurprisingly do not believe a word of it
and end up suspecting steve and his mate al
( anthony franke ) ,
tony
( robert field )
and someone called 'mooch ' miller
( james bonnet )
of playing an elaborate practical joke on the polouse department .
however as the blob continues
to eat it
is way through the town steve
set about finding
proof of it is existence and convincing the polouse about the threat
it posses not just to their town but the entire world ! directed irvin s. yeaworth jr. and an uncredited russell s. doughton jr. i was throughly disappointed by this 
the original 1958 version of the blob .
the script by kay linaker as kate phillips and theodore simonson is an absolute bore
and extremely dull not making the most of it is strongest aspect .
the blob focuses on the tiresome dramatic and conflict between the teenager and polouse ,
in fact the majority of the blob is spent on steve
trying to convince the polouse of the blob 's existence .
for most of the film the blob itself almost seems inconsequential and somewhat forgotten .
it only has two or three scene for the fist hour and a bit until the less than exciting climax
when the adult and teenager have to work together
to defeat the blob
and have a new found appreciation of each other afterward 
yuck !
why could not the blob just eat the lot of 'em ?
no explanation is given for what the blob is or it is origins other
than it came from space ,
how long did it take them to come up with that ?
the dialogue is clunky and silly as well ,
as are person 's action and decision making ,
i love the part
when a nurse named kate
( lee paton as lee payton ,
did anyone use their real name in this thing ? )
is confronted by the blob ,
she throws some acid over it
and calmly proclaims `` doctor ,
nothing will stop it !
`` 
how does she know 'nothing ' will stop it exactly ?
there is no blood or violence
so do not worry about that ,
the special effect on the blob itself are not too bad
considering
but it barely has any screen time
and move very slowly 
a bit like the film in general actually .
the acting is terrible ,
mcqueen is supposed to be a teenager
when in reality he was 28 year old
and it shows ,
he looks old enough
to be his own dad !
same thing goes for most of the other 'teenage ' cast member
and everyone generally speaking are wooden and unconvincing in their role .
technically the blob is very basic 
dark static photography 
dull direction and forgettable production value .
the blob is one of those film
that probably sounds good on paper
and is well
known as being a 'classic '
but is in actual fact a huge disappointment
when finally seen .
this is one case
when the remake the blob
( 1988 )
is definitely better than the original .
the original blob is slow
and boring and the remake is not ,
the original blob contains no blood or gore and the remake does ,
the original blob has incredibly poor acting and casting decision and the remake does
not and the original blob itself gets very little screen time
eating only three or four person throughout the entire film
and the remake features the blob all the way
through and it virtually eats an entire town .
the choice is an easy one ,
the remake every time
as it is a better film in every respect .
i will give the film two star
and give
that wonderful main theme song one on it is own .
definitely not the classic many seem to make out .
