i was not really a big fan of star trek until past 2-3 year .
thank to the advent of netflix and post 2000 video technology distribution ,
i am able to embark into the past of all the great star trek episode .
for those
that do not really watch every single episode
and know them by heart 
through tng 
ds9 
voyager 
etc. ,
general popular consensus will say
-- `` i like the next generation '' the best .
that is because captain picard and his crew were fresh
when they first appeared after decade of star trek starvation .
but to be quiet honest ,
i appreciate the creativity of voyager 's episode more than tng .
voyager 's episode also progresses through time unlike tng .
granted datum from tng is great
but it eventually gets old but voyager 's doctor
-- now that is creativity !
instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and jerky ,
give him the freedom to express beyond anything you imagined .
not only is picardo such a great actor but the premise
setting for his expansive 
self growth 
as a doctor 
self realization now
that is science fiction at its best !
endgame portray him as a husband married to an `` organic '' ,
inventing neuro-implant transceiver for human-machine interface ,
and even
-- in the episode before endgame 
to disobey captain 's order
and make `` human '' mistake .
unlike ds9
which are blessed with 2 beautiful woman right from 1st episode ,
voyager has to survive 3 season
without jeri ryan and i believe
it is picardo
that carried them with his personality .
of course the rest of the voyager 's cast chemistry just flows effortless 
harry kim and tom paris
-- very natural .
i love tuvoc occasional humor ,
despite being a vulcan .
finally 
i am so glad
they got rid of that original female captain
-- oh ,
if you get to watch the rare footage --
thank god for kate !
she has developed through the 7 year into an extremely confident 
believable 
and respectable female captain .
what a great job !
thank you star trek for making voyager ,
i enjoy every episode 
the creative exploration of possibility 
of moral 
and of our cosmic expanse .
