this is an interesting left turn for reel 13 indie .
two harbor is a bandw 75 minute film from minnesota
that features non-actor
and is about two person
finding a connection through a search for alien life .
i applaud the boldness of the reel 13 programmer of thinking out-of-the-box
when selecting this film .
i just wish
they had picked a stronger film
to be bold with .
as a matter of fact 
i wonder
if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself
( not that two harbor is completely without merit ,
but i will get to that a little later ) .
as is common with independent film ,
two harbor is limited in term of location .
there are only two real location \u0096 a large junk dealerhip market and a very teeny trailer ,
which is the home of the middle-aged main character 
vic ,
played by alex cole .
writer/director jame vculek uses the market setting
to provide exposition about vic ,
who is one of the dealer there .
he has various person walk up to vic
and start very long conversation
that provides us with just two piece of information \u0096 vic sells space toys
( he prefers to call them `` outer space action figure '' )
and he is a caustic asshole .
this is emblematic of one of the two key problem with two harbor - all the chatting .
i have said
it before and i will say
it again \u0096 we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmaker need to work harder
to tell their story visually .
there are exception ,
of course 
but generally 
endless patter is not so engaging on film \u0096 particularly
if the dialogue is being used as exposition .
pretty much all the conversation in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose .
a notable example would be a few scene
which feature vic trying to play himself off as a boy scout leader
in order to get a discount at a store .
he argues with the clerk back
and forth and these scene do not even advance the plot one iota .
this is the kind of thing
that makes even a 75 minute film feel
long.the other problem with two harbor is the acting .
i may be a bit of a curmudgeon
when it comes to performance in film ,
but i really do not feel
like there is a good excuse
for not having good actor in your film .
there are plenty of good actor out there ,
many of which willing to work on low-budget project \u0096 even in minnesota .
many filmmaker eschew the importance of acting ability
as being secondary to their visual ,
but that is na\u00efve .
in narrative film-making 
next to the story 
nothing is more important than the acting/performance .
if you do not believe the person enacting your story ,
your audience is lost.originally ,
i thought vculek was using non-actor ,
but as the film went on ,
i decided
that they were probably community theater-type actor .
it was not that they were uncomfortable on camera .
it is that they were overly theatrical
( i.e .
big ) .
granted 
the best of the actor were the two lead \u0096 cole and catherine e. johnson as cassie 
a lonely young girl
that gets caught up in vic 's extra-terrestrial hunt .
they seemed to have the most training ,
but they were still a little rough around the edge .
the eccentricity they displayed seemed to be surface only - not coming from a real 
organic place within .
ms. johnson 
in particular 
is an interesting case .
she definitely has a presence \u0096 a midwestern charm about her ,
but that charisma bely the multitude of issue her character is supposed to have .
she struggles to portray the idiosyncrasy
that stem from a supposed life of solitude
and ( slave ? )
labor 
relying on stock gesture like eye roll 
lip biting and stammering
to suggest her discomfort with the outside world.i mentioned in the first paragraph
that two harbor is not completely without merit
and here is what i mean .
without giving too much away ,
there is a fade to white an hour into the film .
after that 
the story takes a stunning turn ,
which allows the last fifteen minute to be evocative and downright powerful \u0096
it is like a sucker punch to the gut 
but in a good way .
it is almost a huge relief
to feel something after so long with these character .
the last five minute of the film do not have any dialogue at all
and the result is the best part of the film \u0096 subtle ,
detailed
( cole does his best work of the film )
and most importantly 
cinematic .
then 
with the closing credit comes the most staggering revelation of all \u0096
that it is based on a true story ,
which got me to thinking .
with all the dialogue 
the minimal location and the lack of cinematic quality 
it occurred to me that with two kick ass actor and a tightening re-write ,
two harbor might make a really kick-ass stage
play \u0096 maybe even a one-act .
if there are any bold theater producer out there reading this ,
i definitely recommend seeing
if you can get a hold of the film and contact the filmmaker 
reel 13 or whomever .
there might be something to this story after all
( for more information on this or any other reel 13 film ,
check out their website at www.reel13.org )
