i am amazed at how this movie
( and most other has a average 5 star and lower
when there are crappy movie
averaging 7 to 10 star on imdb .
the fanboy mentality strike again .
when this movie came out just about everyone slammed it .
even my ex-girlfriend said this movie questionable .
year later i sat down to watch this movie
and i found myself enjoying .
even laughing quite a bit .
this and the replacement killer are the movie
that had person labeling the director antoine fuqua as the black michael bay .
i do not see
how since most of fuqua 's movie are smarter
than anything michael bay has came up with .
at any rate ... story :
alvin sander
( jamie foxx )
is former convict
that is used by a no-nonsense treasury agent edgar
( david morse )
as a pawn
to catch a killer
named bristol
( doug hutchinson ) .
alvin 's every move are tracked by a bug implanted in his jaw after an accident .
while these agent are after bristol ,
bristol is after the gold ick
that were taken in a heist gone awry.jamie foxx
is funny as well as great as alvin sander .
alvin is a fast-talker
that is a lot smarter
than he lets on .
doug hutchinson is okay as bristol .
he can be over-the-top sometime in his john malkovitchesque demeanor .
he was better here
than he was as looney bin jim in punisher :
war zone .
david morse is good as the hard edged treasury agent .
even mike epps is funny as alvin 's other stevie .
both him and jamie had some funny moment on screen.the
only flaw of the movie is the some of the attempt at a thriller fall flat .
the scenario at the horse race track is way over-the-top
but i could not look away .
the director went all out there
so he gets point for that .
plus the bomb scene with the treasury agent tied to a chair
while the detonator rests on the door was pretty nifty.all in all bait
is not a bad movie by a long shot .
its never boring ,
its always funny and i was not checking my watch every minute .
that should count for something .
bait is one of the most underrated movie of 2000 period.ps :
to the reviewer
that claimed
this movie is too violent ... .
how long have you been living under a rock ?
i am pretty sure
you have seen the die hard series and every movie by quentin tarantino .
but those movie are not violent right ?
weirdo .
