apparently shakespeare equal high ow
which equal in turn a bunch of folk
not seeing something
for what it really is .
at one point in this film 
someone
( i believe pacino 's producer )
warns him
that film is getting off track ,
that it was once about how the mass think about shakespeare through the vehicle of richard iii .
instead he decides to shoot a chopped up play with random comment sprinkled throughout .
some scene seemed to be included as home movie for al
( was there really any reason for the quick visit to shakespeare 's birthplace 
other than for a laugh about something unexpected
which happens there ?
) ,
and ,
before the film has really even begun ,
we are treated to seeing al prance around and act cute and funny for the camera .
i thought
his silly act with kay near the end of godfather iii with the knife to his throat was an act -
but apparently it is how al really behaves in person.enough rambling .
here is a shotgun smattering of why
i did not even make it 3/4 of the way through this :
1 )
pretentious - al always knows
when the camera is on him ,
whether he is acting as richard or in a 'real ' conversation with someone -
you can see it in the corner of his eye 
also 
some of the actor around the rehearsal table become untethered and wax hammy to the extreme .
if anyone reading this has ever spent any time with an group of actor
and has witnessed this kind of thing from the outside ,
it is unbearable .
`` look at me 
chewing all the scenery ! ''
2 )
winona ryder .
when she appears as lady anne ,
this film comes to a screeching halt ,
which it never recovers from .
she has nothing to add in the discussion scene
but the camera lingers on her to ing in the kiddo .
her performance is dreadful 
to boot .
3 )
the only thing
you really learn from this
are told to you by the very scholars
the filmmaker are trying to keep out of the picture .
of course 
you also learn
that pacino should not be directing film
( or doing richard in the first place ) .
i would rather watch bobby deerfield than this.lastly ,
read the play
and learn it for yourself .
go out and see it performed .
in 1997 i saw the play performed at the university of washington ethnic cultural theater ,
and it made what we see in this film seem like high school drama
( except for the gratuitous throat slashing of clarence !
my god !
was that necessary ? !
) it is all just a bunch of sound and fury 
signifying nada .
