i feel
like i have been had ,
the con is on ,
do not fall for it .
after reading glowing review
( the director was a film reviewer with sky for year
so must have a lot of mate in the press ready
to do him a favour
by writing favorable review )
i expected solid acting 
atmosphere 
suspense 
strong characterization 
an intriguing plot development and poetic moment .
sadly 
'sixteen year of alcohol ' 
does not deliver on the critic promise 
for the most part 
sacrifices these quality in lieu of cheesy low budget special effect
( what was that clich\u00e9d cobweb scene in there for ?
) 
unrealistic fight choreography and mindless mind numbing narration 
clich\u00e9 edit and camera angle .
'sixteen year of alcohol ' start off interestingly with some beautiful location shot in scotland ,
but it is straight downhill from here .
unfortunately 
instead of spending some time building atmosphere ,
creating character
we might care about 
or building suspense - the director opt
to begin driving you crazy with self indulgent heavy handed twaddle voice-over 's .
the lead character are so unsympathetic
and are so badly acted -
the audience does not care what happens to them ,
desperate actor do desperate thing ... like this movie ! .
to make matter worse 
the 'homage 's '
( typical of a director
trying to pay his due to past master )
are either utterly clich\u00e9 or unconvincing .
the soundtrack is the only thing
that lifted me
and kept me in the cinema
but even that failed to support the dramatic narrative other connecting a period of time to the action.for some reason
the movie got increasingly flawed
and to be quite honest annoying .
i still watched the whole damn thing !
i guess
i liked the attempt at gritty realism in the film
but even that was destroyed
when they were often inter-cut with weird and abstract 
sometimes pointless scene .
you do not need a huge budget
to make truly moving film ,
so much has been said
about how little money
they had to make this film ,
half a million is not a little bit of money ...
so no excuse !
sometimes i wonder
what the actor ... or their agent were thinking ! pass on this turkey
unless you are masochistic or mindless anyway ...
.not my thing1.5/10
