a killer ,
wearing a plastic white mask and black overcoat ,
is killing the friend of hollywood producer shawn banning
( danny wolske )
who inherited his position
when someone sliced open his former employer from crotch to chest .
perhaps the psychopath is newly hired maddy
( dabbie rochon ) ,
an attractive 
raven haired beauty with a troubled family past 
plagued with nightmare .
shawn and his friend play a practical joke on maddy ,
concerning a supposed murder club
they started
where each member randomly selected a victim
to kill .
when maddy accidentally murder a woman in a parking garage
because of a dent put into her car by this person ,
she finds
that shawn 's pal were jerking her chain .
but 
shawn and his comrade are concerned about maddy 's admittance toward committing the murder
and contemplate
turning her into the proper authority .
deciding to wait on a definite decision ,
each member fall prey to the white-masked psycho with maddy a suspect
considering the fact
that she already has killed before .
or 
is someone else behind these murder ?
low budget slasher 
executive
produced by charle band 
with gore murder
that fail to convince .
plenty of tit on display and allen nabor goofy character chris might entertain those with low expectation .
the murder include a stomach
being opened with intestine showing 
a neck sliced 
an electrical cord
thrown into a pool frying a female victim
who had all day to escape ,
an ax
buried into the back of a male victim ,
and ,
to top it all ,
a couple are strangled by a rope during their sexual climax
( ..for added effect ,
the killer uses the eaker bar of a socket wrench as extra leverage
to twist the rope as tight
as possible snapping their neck ) .
there are enough plot hole
to drive a truck through ,
such as why maddy has nightmare of murder
she did not commit ,
how she could murder someone so violently
( ..with blood all over her )
winding up waking in her bed
without leaving something at the scene of the crime
that would easily implicate her ,
and how shawn could go so long ,
allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she told regarding the murder she committed ,
and a continual desire
to join the supposed club
that does not exist.what bothered me the most was the film 's desire
for having us somehow sympathizing with this female protagonist
who wanted to join a club after killing someone ,
later proclaiming it to be an accident .
the film builds maddy as the potential psycho throughout
because of her past .
her family disowned her for an abortion .
she has black-out
and always appropriately winds up at the scene of crime after the fact .
in a lot of slasher 
the one
who seems the most likely killer
is often the red herring ,
but this film goes out of it is way
to point the finger at maddy .
when the twist occurs 
we are left rooting for maddy ,
yet we know
she is not right in the head .
it is a tough sell caring for this chick .
she does look great in a man 's army shirt 
though .
and 
rochon is not afraid to let her puppies eathe 
either .
low budget horror fan will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite brinke steven as a religious fanatical mother
who preaches against what maddy did ,
calling her a murderer as beloved troma producer lloyd kaufman is the aloof father
who can not get in a word edge-wise
to protect the daughter
he truly cares about .
cult siren julie strain has a minor cameo ,
showing her tit
( of course )
as the opening murdered male 's girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer .
oh ,
and check out the office
for which shawn works ,
you will see a lot of full moon poster and art-work spread throughout the wall .
