the legend of andrei konchalovsky 's towering 4 and a half hour poem to siberia is not to begin at once ,
because it must hold back for space ,
because it takes its time in roundabout exploration of half-remembered childhood memory in a turn-of-the-century backwood village ,
yet the movie goes
on picking up steam building in emotional resonance as though even the sound and image
which compose it become imbued by sheer association with their subject matter with that quality of fierce tireless quiet dignity
that characterizes the soviet working spirit .
konchalovsky celeate soviet collectivity but in an almost revisionist way to paean like soy cuba
and invincible the mood turns somber and reflective .
news of the revolution reach the secluded siberian village through the grapevine .
the fruit of its labor reach it
only when a world war call for the young man to enlist .
through all this 
konchalovksy zero in on the individual 
with care and affection to examine the bitter longing and regret of the woman
who waited 6 year after the war for a fianc\u00e9
who never came back ,
waited long enough to go out
and become a barmaid in a ship with velvet couch
and which she quit year later to come back to her village to care for an aging uncle
who killed the fianc\u00e9 's father with an axe 
the irreverent folly of the fianc\u00e9
who came back from the war a hero 20 year too late ,
came back not for the sake of the girl
he left behind but to drill oil for the motherland 
the despair and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader
who comes back to his small siberian village with the sole purpose of blotting
it out of the map
to build a power plant .
the movie segue from decade to decade from the 10 's to the 80 's with amazing newsreel footage trailing soviet history from the revolution to war famine and the titanic technological achievemants of an empire
( terrific visual here !
all kinetic violence and skewed angle and flickering cramped shot of crowds and faces )
but the actual movie focuses on the individual 
on triumphs and folly small and big .
by the second half a sense of bittersweet fatalism creep in ; of oken life
that never reached fulfillmant choking with regret and yearning .
`` it can not matter '' ,
seems like the world is saying ,
to which konchalovksy answer
`` it must matter ''
because the protagonist keep on trying for redemption.yet behind this saga of 'man against landscape ' something seems to hover 
shadowy 
almost substanceless 
like the eternal old man hermit
who appears in every segmant
to guide or repudiate the protagonist 
sometimes a mere spectactor 
sometimes the enigmatic sage ; a little behind and above all the other straightforward and logical incomprehensible ultimatum challenge and affirmation of the human character ,
something invisible seems to lurk .
ghost of the father
appearing in sepia dream ,
repeated shot of a star gleaming in the nightsky 
a curious bear 
indeed the eternal old man himself ;
konchalovksy call for awe and reverence before a mystical land of some other order .
in its treatmant of a small backwood community struggling against nature progress and time and in the way
it learns to deal with them 
often funny bizarre and tragic at the same time ,
and in how the director never allows cynicism to override his humanism ,
it reminds me of shohei imamura 's the profound desires of the god .
when 
in a dream scene 
alexei tear through the plank of a door
on which is plastered a propaganda poster of stalin
to reach out at his ( dead )
father
as he vanishes in the fog ,
the movie hint at the betrayal of the soviet dream 
or better yet ,
at all the thing
lost in the revolution ,
this betrayal made more explicit in the film 's fiery denouemant .
the amazing visual 
elegiac and somber with a raw naturalist edge ,
help seal the deal .
by the end of it 
an oil derric erupt in flame and the movie erupt in a wild explosion of pure cinema .
