there is more to offer in the opening of the odd couple than in the entirety of most film .
felix unger
( the poor guy 's monogram even curses him )
checks into a new york hotel .
a cleaning lady says `` good night . ''
`` goodbye 
'' he answers back .
in his room he empties his pocket ,
then struggles to take off his wedding ring only to put the object neatly into an envelope ,
addressed to his wife and beloved child .
when the viewer finally puts it together \u0097 aha ,
he is going to off himself \u0097
we watch him struggle to open the window \u0097 oh no ,
he is going to jump \u0097 the poor guy injures his lower back .
this is all
you need to know
about felix unger \u0097 his wife has left him ,
he is a compulsive cleaner
and he is a hypochondriac .
and all in one scene .
this is the particular genius of neil simon 's comedy \u0097
it is about situation and character .
there are few obvious physical joke \u0097 no kick to the groin ,
no cheap gag \u0097 just funny character in uncomfortable situation .
and 
of course 
he is a master of manipulating the audience 's expectation .
coming from the swinger era ,
imagine what i thought in the date scene
when felix starts lamenting about the eakup of his marriage to the girl his roommate oscar has worked so hard
to get into his apartment .
he is blowing it 
right ?
think again .
the girl love his sensitivity 
his ability to cry in front of them .
they invite him back to their place
since his meatloaf has burned
because oscar was not paying enough attention to it .
he is in like flynn 
right ?
uh 
yes ,
but he does not want to go with the girl
because he is feeling vulnerable .
great stuff .
and it is made even greater with a style
that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-room apartment set .
you have got jack lemmon and the slouchy 
pouchy walter matthau for chrissake ,
why mess it up ?
the visual style reminded me of breakfast at tiffany 's ,
in that great effect is made from a large depth of field and the interplay between the various plane of action .
particularly memorable is the scene
in which felix 
fleeing from oscar 
closes a partition
only to realize
the partition does not cover the side
where oscar is coming from .
you get a real sense of the layout of the apartment ,
and thus the proximity
in which the two divorc\u00e9es live .
the twist here is that these two are really married \u0097 to each other .
so the observation about married life
that might be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy
are made all the more poignant
since they are two guy .
