if you want to be cynical
and pedantic you could point out
that the opening where a raf lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on the 2nd of may 1945 is somewhat unlikely since german air defence were as lively as adolph hitler on that day
but this is not a movie
that should be viewed by a cynical audience and i
guess a character
being killed
in literally the last hour of the war adds to the poignancy .
in fact you would have to have survived the second world war to fully appreciate the intellect 
beauty and soul of powell and pressburger 's masterpiece .
the scene of heaven are painfully twee
when viewed today ?
again you have to view the movie of the context
when it was made .
raf bomber command lost 58,000 man during the war 
the same number
that america lost in 'nam but during a shorter period and a far 
far smaller pool of active combatant ,
there is no atheist in a fox hole
and i doubt
if you would lost a relative during the conflict
you would view material atheism
as being a sensible thing .
when richar attenborough 's young pilot looks down in awe at the sight below him many war hero must have openly wept at this scene
as they remembered much missed comrade
who did not survive the war .
also bare in mind
that despite losing several million person from 1939-45 there seems to be very few person from germany passing through the pearly gate .
it is obvious nazi do not go to heaven the plot itself
where dashing young pilot peter carter
arguing for his life in front of a celestial court
would not have had much appeal to me
if it was not for the subtext ,
you see a matter or life and death is a highly political and visionary film
that lamants the end of the british empire
as it is replaced by american ambition .
there is little thing
that show up the film
as being made by person aware of american history and culture .
one is the ethnic mix of america ,
even today many briton think
that the usa is overwhelmingly composed of white anglo saxon protestant
when in fact only 51 % of american are `` white european `` .
the film rightly contains a scene
where a multitude of different race confess `` i am an american
`` as peter is judged by aaham farlan 
an anglophobe
who was the first revolutionary
killed by british force in the american war of independence .
as for the `` special relationship `` between britain and america - what special relationship ?
powell and pressburger know their history
when it comes to britain and america .
they obviously know
their future too so remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present .
it is strange 
beautiful 
poignant and clever
but most of all it is a film
that would never ever work
if it were made in the last 40 year .
can you imagine
if the story was set in 2003 and revolved around a british soldier killed in iraq ?
