the tenant began as a 1971 short novel by the now deceased bernard malamud - writer/philosopher - examining the conflict between jew and african american in the incendiary atmosphere of brooklyn at the time
the book was written .
as a novel the story was gut wrenchingly real :
as transcribed into a screenplay by novice david diamond and danny green
( who also directs )
it is more of a cereal dissertation
that gradually erupts into action in the final moments.harry lesser
( dylan mcdermott )
is a jewish novelist with one book under his belt
but currently attempting to finish his 'newest ' book ten year into the writing .
convinced
that he must complete the novel in the same environment
where it was started .
he is the sole tenant in a condemned brooklyn tenement
owned by levinspiel
( seymour cassel )
who constantly tries to 'buy out ' harry 's lease
so that the filthy dilapidated building can be demolished .
into this atmosphere enters another black militant quasi-anti-semitic writer willie spearmint
( snoop dogg )
whom harry befriend 
hide ,
and offers help to the nascent novelist 's attempt
to write about the death of all white person .
harry 's attempt to help willie lead to conflict ,
not the least of which is harry 's meeting willie 's girlfriend 
the white jewish irene bell
( rose byrne )
at a less than friendly gathering of willie 's militant black other and sister .
willie and irene are on the skid and harry gradually falls in love with irene
and they plan to leave new york as soon as harry finishes his novel .
when willie hears of the assignation and is further critiqued by harry 
willie explode
and begins the downward descent of not only a delicate friendship but also a competition between writer .
the ending 'reveal the slippery nature of the human condition ,
and the human capacity for violence and undoing'.the actor do their best with a script
that is a bit awkward
but despite scripted line
that border on preaching they create believable character .
the cinematography enhances the story ,
keeping the mood dank and dense and primarily confined to the condemned building .
the musical score appropriately makes use of the solo jazz trumpet and blue piano to underline the tension and isolation of each of these groundless character .
though it takes some patience
to make it through the cereal rambling ,
the film in the end is worth watching .
at least it attempt to recreate malamud 's bizarre look at life in the big city .
grady harp
