i came away from this movie with the feeling
that it could have been so much better .
instead of what should be a gripping ,
tense story of a boy 's fight for survival in the wilderness ,
it comes off
as a national geographic documentary meet columbia sportswear ad.the film begins with brian
( jared rushton )
preparing for a journey by plane
to see his father .
his mother fortuitously gives him the curious choice of a hatchet as a going-away gift
( what is wrong with a rubik 's cube ?
) ,
little knowing how badly he will soon need it .
once in the air 
the plane 's pilot
( a blink-and-you will-miss-him cameo by ned beatty )
suffers a fatal heart attack ,
leaving brian helpless
as the plane crash into a lake .
extremely lucky to walk
( or rather swim )
away virtually unscathed 
brian must find shelter 
food and hope for rescue.here is where the main problem with the movie begins .
by the very nature of brian 's solitude 
jared has very few line to speak ,
and so the film ought to have compensated by ratcheting up the tension of each scene .
instead 
he is shown walking around ,
sitting around ,
and so on 
with only a minimal sense of danger .
as a result 
too much reliance is placed on flashback to the parent ' troubled marriage as the source of tension .
these scene merely get in the way
and do not particularly add much to the story .
even worse 
occasionally jared \u0096 his face covered with mud -
lets out a primal scream or two ,
which conjures up unfortunate parallel to `predator . '
speaking of unfortunate ,
we could have done with being spared the sight of his mullet ,
but it presumably helped keep him warm at night.another disappointment is pamela sue martin in a totally ineffectual performance as the mother .
both she and the father have very little impact in the movie .
for instance 
we are never shown
how they react to news of brian 's disappearance ,
how they might be organizing rescue attempt 
and so on .
this is just one source of tension
the film-maker would have done well
to explore instead of spending so much time on event
that happened before brian embarked on his journey .
