after his classic film noir homage chinatown roman polanski returned to the theme
that had given him his greatest hit in the 60 with this creepy psychological horror
which 
like repulsion and rosemary 's baby 
deal with the paranoia and claustrophobia
generated by apartment living.claustrophobic environment
are the one
which polanski is best at creating ,
and this has to be the most suffocating and confined picture
he ever created .
the emphasis on side wall and distant vanishing point is greater than ever ,
and even in the small number of exterior scene the sky is rarely glimpsed .
but the tenant is not just confined spatially ,
but also in the intensity
with which it focuses on its protagonist .
trelkovsky ,
played by polanski himself
is not only in every scene ,
he is in virtually every shot .
when he is not on screen more often than not the camera becomes trelkovsky 's point of view .
and of course almost everywhere he looks
he sees his own reflection staring back at him in a mirror.i can not think of any film
that is more about the internalisation and solitude of one character .
some psychological thriller 
like m or peeping tom 
manipulate us into feeling sorry for the mentally ill protagonist .
other 
like psycho 
attempt in-depth scientific analysis of his mental condition .
the tenant fits into neither of these category \u0096
it simply immerses us completely inside trelkovsky 's experience
without demanding
we actually understand or appreciate what is going on inside his head .
we feel his paranoia and obsession
even though it is constantly revealed to us
that they are irrational.polanski
was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror film .
often in his horror there is an ambiguity
as to whether there is actually anything sinister going on ,
but they are among the most effective at frightening audience .
why ?
precisely
because they unfold so slowly
and invest so much time in painstakingly
setting up situation
that they immerse the viewer in paranoia .
a much later polanski horror 
the ninth gate is a bit of a mess plot-wise
but at least it still manages to achieve
that creeping sense of dread.this is a rare chance
to see polanski himself in a major role .
his talent in front of the camera was as good as behind it ,
and he is absolutely perfect as the meek trelkovsky .
another standout performance is that of the all-too-often overlooked shelley winter as the concierge .
in actual fact it is rather a stellar cast ,
although many of the familiar faces look out of place in this strange 
gothic european movie .
also sadly many of the french actor
in supporting role are atrociously dubbed in the english language
version.the tenant is more polished and less pretentious than repulsion ,
but it lacks the suspense and the character
that make rosemary 's baby so engrossing and entertaining .
the tenant is good ,
with no major flaw ,
and polanski was really on top form as a director ,
but it is not among his most gripping work .
