the `` saucy '' misadventure of four au pair
who arrive in london on the same day in the early 1970s .
there is a swedish girl 
a danish 
a german and a chinese .
the story contrives to get the clothe off all of them ,
involve them in some carry on-type humour
and couple them with various misfit from the british film and tv culture of the time ,
including man about the house star richard o'sullivan 
future coronation street rogue johnny brigg and horror film stalwart ferdy mayne
( playing a sheik ) .
there is a pretty risqu\u00e9 amount of female nudity on display 
for those
who like that kind of thing
( but obviously nothing hardcore )
.most of the film is pretty thin and inconsequential ;
the girl are stereotype ,
and german anita especially suffer from some kind of infantalising disorder -
she is a moron obsessed with colour tv
who acts like a kind of uninhibited child and dress
to deliberately show her private part ;
in another more serious film 
she would be a psychiatric case .
the most interesting section of the film involves the swedish girl being taken to a club in london
where some dodgy type are still trying to swing ,
being seduced by a middle-aged rocker ,
losing her virginity and realising
that the scene is not for her .
these sequence have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing film
than we have ended up with ,
in which promiscuity and the dregs of the music business and upper class live soulless and seedy life
( there is a fine turn by john standing as an impotent public school rou\u00e9 ) .
the strangest of the story has the chinese girl
( future cannibal film veteran me me lay )
getting off with her childish piano prodigy employer ,
falling mutually in love with and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason at all ,
except some orientalist notion
that `` chinese bird are inscrutable ,
are not they ? ! ''
the film is pretty demeaning to its woman character
and there is a smattering of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterisation .
the end is striking ,
as mayne 's sheik for no earthly reason
( except they have to end the film somehow )
whisks all of the girl away to his arab kingdom for what looks to all the world like a future in the white slave trade ,
which they are all delighted about.stuff and nonsense for the most part then ,
but directed with a fair amount of skill by veteran val guest ,
which puts it as a piece of film-making a notch above most of the 70s brit sexploitation flick .
