the traditional western is synonymous with wide open space 
clearcut morality 
inevitable storyline 
the optimistic faith in a hero 's ability
to shape his own destiny ,
to escape his past .
these quality reflect directly the american sense of self 
the self-shaping dream 
the pushing of boundary and frontier ,
which is why
the genre is still alluded to by opportunistic politician .
with some noble exception
( eg wellman 
hawks ) ,
the western was healthily free of neurose or real anxiety .
anthony mann changed all that forever ,
and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent 
vivid 
complex ,
not to say exciting western ever made.the traditional western depend on a hero
who exemplifies rugged wholesomeness ,
whatever misfortune he may have had in the past 
a supporter of order and right ,
who dominates the film ,
removes its obstacle 
restore harmony in effect ;
and an obvious villain ,
who often 
ironically ,
drives the plot ,
forces the hero into certain action .
the difference between the two is often delineated as mythically simple
as the wearing of white or black hats.mann 's background was in film noir 
a genre antithetical to wide open space and optimism .
noir was neurotically charged ,
focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist ,
where morality is blurred ,
the hero is as often the villain ,
trapped in an interior-labyrinth of his own making 
a passive victim to destiny .
noir is about regress not progress ,
the interrogating
and denying of mode and sign of representation ,
not the creation and confirmation of them.winchester 73 is fraught with noir anxiety .
noir is often considered a psychological genre ,
visualising the traumas of its protagonist 's head .
73 does this too ,
and is all the more disturbing in
that that protagonist is lovely 
homespun jimmy stewart ,
initiating here his great run of difficult film with mann and hitchcock .
in many way 
good-natured and sweet ,
representing right and trying to restore disruption to the natural order ,
he is also a near-lunatic
who will stop at nothing to achieve murderous revenge ,
whose relentless quest mirror ethan edward in the searcher in its inhuman persistance ,
whose human instinct are frayed by this quest ,
and whose burst of violence are genuinely terrifying to witness.as in noir ,
his anxiety has a psychological base - unlike most 'healthy ' hero
who have outgrown
( symbolically killed )
their father 
mcadam 's father was killed
before he could complete the process ;
his chasing his other is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against stunted growth .
the climactic shoot-out is not cathartic :
mcadam stagger back into 'normal ' society ,
like he is just witnessed some of the world 's most ghastly horrors.what is most unsettling about the film is that it is not really about a hero or a villain at all 
but an inanimate piece of weoponry
that drives the action .
73 open with the gun of the title privileged 
on display behind a glass window ,
while its admirer are trapped ,
squashed 
undifferentiated 
framed ,
admiring it outside .
throughout the film 
human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifier - name change ;
lin and dutch mime shooting each other
because they have no gun ;
quest lose their moral vitality and their practitioner veer close to madness ;
army have to ask for help from confederate stranger to fight battle ;
a man becomes worthy of respect
only when he mentions his name ;
another man is revealed as a coward
when he abandons his fiancee to the indian ;
the gun retains its prestige 
power 
wholeness.it is not the revenge plot
which drives the film ,
but the story of the gun ; this wrenches the film out of conventional expectation ,
and creates an eerie 
alienating 
modern feel .
we become so caught up in the revenge plot
that
when we follow ,
with the gun 
another plot entirely ,
we feel slightly bewildered.this emphasis on the gun 
symbol of potent masculinity 
actually allows for a critique of that masculinity ,
revealing pointless elaborate ritual at the expense of society and order ; ute capitalist greed ; murderous indian-trader
who defraud both seller and enemy ; coward ;
psychotic killer ;
before returning to its 'true ' owner 
a oken hero thoroughly compromised ,
who has become as murderous as the murderer he seeks .
the gun is never imprinted with the name of its owner ,
not only because there is no fixed owner ,
but because there is no fixed masculinity 
an insight anathema to the traditional western.73 illiantly invokes western myth - wyatt earp 
dodge city 
the cavalry 
the civil war 
the wide open west -
only to undermine them .
earp has an inflated reputation
that is all name
but never proven - dodge city is no safer against outlaws than anywhere else ;
the cavalry is inept
( custer has just lost little big horn )
and the bitter feud of the war is shown to be irrelevant .
the myth of the open west is a site for a very closed 
inescapable 
circular plot
which traps its character ,
refuses to allow them shape their destiny ,
but allowing it to shape them.the old john ford silhouette of rider on a vast mountain is reprised ,
but signal here not progress but repetition and circularity .
but for all its deconstruction 
the film is also tangibly vivid in a way few western ever achieve .
mann 's incisive technique intrudes his camera in crucial position ,
alternating revealing distance with intense examination ,
making the saloon door and stagecoach seem thrillingly alive
and lived in .
