i say
'i would figure ' in that line
because 
frankly 
i have not seen a hal hartley movie until now .
it is not that i have not heard of him though ,
as he was seen as one of those small ny filmmaker
(
when i say
small i mean even smaller than jim jarmusch ) ,
who made ultra-personal project on limited budget .
in an ironic way 
much as with pasolini 's salo 
though in a slightly different context 
fay grim interest me to see some of hartley 's more acclaimed feature ,
because there seems to be at least present some semblance of talent behind it ,
as if hartley *could* be a very good filmmaker
who may be so good
he is just taken a big experimental blunder .
or 
on the other hand 
he could just be someone far too impressed with his own idiosyncrasy and would-be godard-like cinematic collisions.i can not quite explain the story ,
which may or may not be a problem i suppose ,
however it is not really in due to not having seen the film
that preceded fay grim 
henry fool .
i think
even if i had that experience
it would not make too much of a difference
based on the final result .
there is a lot of international espionage ,
a double plot wrapped inside of another
that is fallen through the fake pocket of the title character ,
played in an aloof way by parker posey
( not sure
if that is good or bad either 
maybe both ) ,
and also involving a cia operative
( jeff goldblum ,
as usual a solid presence amid the mania 
even conjuring some laugh ) ,
not to mention an orgy-laden picture box 
and author henry fool .
it is not that the script is totally impenetrable ,
however much it goes into over-extended loophole just for the sake of it ,
because there are some touch of witty or affectingly strange dialog.quite simply 
the direction just suck .
harltey is in love with the third man ,
which is fine ,
but he imposes a consistently headache inducing style of everything being tilted in angle 
with character
having to get into frame equally oddly .
not since battlefield earth 
in fact 
has a director come off so annoyingly
in trying to make the unnecessary choice of titled angle for some bizarre dramatic effect ,
only this time hartley is not amid a cluster-f*** ,
he is mostly responsible for it .
this 
along with the crazy wannabe godard title-card
that pop in here and there ,
some a little amusing and some just totally stupid ,
and the montage segments all in still shot ,
and a couple of moment involving action
that almost call to mind ed wood ,
undermine any of the potential
that is in the script ,
which is already fairly hard to decipher .
in a way 
it is fascinating to watch how bad this all goes ,
but a kind of fascination
that comes
in seeing the flip-side to total creative control on a sort-of small-scale story.but let
it be known :
you will likely not come across a more wretchedly pretentious example of american independent film-making this year .
