i had never heard of leos carax until his merde segment in last year tokyo ,
and his was easily the stand-out the film 's three story .
it was not my favorite of the short ,
but it was the most unique 
and the most iconic .
`` the lover on the bridge '' was the first of his full length
feature i have seen 
a virtuoso romantic film
that uses image and music to communicate an exuberant young love
that overflows into the poetic .
though he is classified as a neo-nouvelle vogue ,
his film owe as much to silent cinema as the 60 's experimental narrative .
his movie are closer to jean vigo in `` l'atlante '' 
jean cocteau 
and guy maddin 
than godard and truffaut.in boy meet girl carax 's 1984 debut
he uses black and white and the heavy reliance on visual representation to display emotional state .
he combines the exaggerated world of maddin ,
but based in a reality
that never seems quite stable like cocteau ,
but by virtue of its expression it become more accessible 
emotional ,
and engaging like vigo 's movie.the story of boy meet girl is simple ,
and similar to carax 's two following film
which comprise this `` young lover '' trilogy .
a boy
named alex
played by denis lavant
( who plays a character
named alex in carax 's next two movie ) ,
has just been dumped by his girlfriend
who has fallen in love with his best friend .
in the first scene he nearly kills his friend on a boardwalk
but stops short of murder .
he walks around reminded of her by sound of his neighbor
having sex ,
and daydream of his girlfriend and best friend getting intimate .
he steals record for her and leaves them at his friend 's apartment ,
but avoid contacting either of them directly .
he wanders around
and finds his way to a party ,
where he meet a suicidal young woman ,
and the film become part `` breathless '' and part `` limelight '' .later he is advised by an old man with sign language
to `` speak up for yourself ... young person today
it is like they forgot how to talk . ''
the old man gives an anecdote about working in the day of silent film ,
and how an actor timid off stage became a confident `` lion ''
when in front of the camera .
here where the movie tips its hand ,
but the overt reference to silent film is a crucial scene ,
since it overlaps the style of the film
( silent and expressionist ) ,
with the content
( a lovelorn young man
trying to work up the courage
to say
and do the thing
he really wants to ) .
though alex is pensive at first and a torrent of romantic word tumbling out of him by the end ,
he is the shy actor
who become a lion thank to the film magnification of his inward feeling
which are not easy to nail down from moment to moment ,
aside from a desire
to fall in love.there
is a scene in the film
where alex retreat from the party into a room
where the guest have stashed their child and baby 
all crying in a chorus
that fills that room ,
until he turns on a tape of a child 's show
making them fall silent .
unexpectedly due a glitch
the tv ends up
playing a secret bathroom camera
which reveals the hostess sobbing to herself into her wig about someone
she misses .
even as carax is self-reflexive and self deprecating of the very kind of angst ridden coming of age tale
he is trying to tell
( the room full of whining infant ) ,
he is mature enough to see through the initial irony to the lovelorn in everything the film cross .
even the rich old 
bell of the ball has a other
she misses .
in another scene an ex astronaut stare at the moon
he once walked on in his youth
while sipping a cocktail in silence.though indebted to film before talky ,
carax is a master of music ,
knowing when to pipe in the dead kennedy 's `` holiday in cambodia '' 
or an early david bowie song 
the sound of a man
playing piano 
or of a girl softly humming.in boy meet girl ,
when someone gets their heart oken
we see blood pour from their shirt ,
when a couple kiss on the sidewalk they spin 360 degree
as if attached to a carousel ,
when alex enter a party an feels out of place ,
its because the most interesting person in the world really are in attendance ;
like the famous author who can not speak
because of a bullet lodged in his ain 
or the miss universe of 1950 standing just across from the astronaut .
this film is the missing link between jean piere jenuet 
michel gondry 
and wes anderson ,
whose stylistic flourish and quirky tale of whimsy ,
all have a parallel with different visual 
musical ,
and emotional cue in these carax movie.every line of dialog 
every piece of music and every effect and edit in this movie
resonated with me on some emotional level ,
some i lack word to articulate .
there are many tale of a boy meeting a girl ,
but rather than just explore the banal detail of any particular event this movie captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment .
the other movie you want to watch
can wait .
see this first .
if i were to make film ,
i would want them to be like this ,
in fact i wish all film were like this ,
where the ephemeral become larger than life ,
and life itself become a dream .
