unfortunately 
in case such as these 
there are so many conflicting story
as everyone tries to cast blame on to other
that it is a near impossibility
to get a clear picture of what really happened .
this movie is a victim of such circumstance .
the writer
( too many of them )
have decided to take all of the story
and give them to the audience
to let them decide
which version of the truth they like the best .
as in the real life case 
there is no clear answer 
no conclusion ,
and the audience is left with a general felling of being unfulfilled
( like coffee
without the caffeine 
or sex
without the climax ) .
whodunnit with no whodunnit are generally frustrating
and makes you wonder
why someone did not do research
before they put it out there .
at least tout your movie as a fiction if
that is what it amounts to ( and this does )
.that is not to say
there are not some great performance here .
kilmer
( as holme )
does an outstanding role inging some humanity
to what is otherwise an unsavory character .
kilmer 
and the real life lover and friend
who consulted on the film ,
let the audience see a selfish ,
troubled human being who ,
though his fault were many and large ,
was loved and cared for by many person
( except himself ) .
kudrow as holme 's wife 
only gives a glimmer of the dramatic actress
she can be ,
but it is very noticeable and unforgettable glimmer .
bosworth 's character was not as emotionally complex
as she could have been and needed
to show more inner conflict
to give credence to what ultimately happened between dawn and holme
( she turned him in 6 month
after they fled to florida ) .
bosworth 's apple-cheeked performance is at time annoying 
at time touching ,
but shows none of the backbone the real schiller must have possessed .
the other character fade in to the woodwork which is a pity .
lucas is a great performer
who could have sunk his tooth in to this role
had it been fleshed out for him .
even dylan mcdermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker .
the fault of this movie does not lie with this cast 
but with the writing .
too many cook spoil the soup ,
and this kettle ,
filled with so much promise ,
ultimately leaves you hungry .
the story and character may have been less than sympathetic ,
but in what movie of this ilk are they not so ?
other movie such as 1989 's drugstore cowboy starring matt dillon
( who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused )
worked with similar subject matter and mastered it to such a degree
that you felt a kinship with the main character by the end of the movie
despite what he had done .
van sandt could have given jame cox and his crew a few lesson .
had someone bothered
to try and find the truth ,
this would have been an intriguing story .
as it is ,
you will find the accompanying wadd documentary more palatable
( in the 2 disc dvd )
and much more informative .
you will realize from the dvd
that holme was not a bad guy ,
but not a very good one either..as are most person .
