i do not think
anyone
sitting down to view this film
would be expecting anything remotely appearing like a classic ghost story
but you have to ask yourself
when it is over
if you were ever scared .
this does not really work on that level
but the cast does try hard and the film does not tack on one of those happy ending .
story is about an american couple
who travel to kyoto ,
japan so
that ted fletcher
( edward albert )
can write a book
and he ings along his wife laura
( susan george )
and their daughter amy
( amy barrett ) .
their friend alex curtis
( doug mcclure )
who works at the american consulate
helps them find a house
to live in
and he finds one
that is haunted .
about 140 year earlier in the same house a samurai found his wife cheating on him
and he kills both of them and then commit suicide .
their ghost still inhabit the house
and when the fletcher 's arrive it does not take long before strange thing
start happening .
*****spoiler alert*****at times the ghost inhabit the body of the fletcher 's
and they start to act like the japanese person
that they were before and laura start to flirt with alex
which leads to an affair .
meanwhile 
ted start behaving more strict
and after he pours soup down the throat of amy he goes to ask a monk for help .
unfortunately the ghost get ted 
laura 
and alex to play out their death scene
like it happened 140 year earlier.this film was directed by kevin connor
who is known as a good television director
but he has made horror and science fiction film
before and has worked with mcclure on some of them .
while this never comes close to being scary or developing atmosphere
it does have two thing in it that i liked .
first 
it does not have one of those sappy
ending where the couple emace after defeating the demon .
instead 
it ends in a very bloody fight
where everyone succumbs to the evil of the ghost .
secondly 
it has susan george in the cast !
i have always been a fan of her even
though she has appeared in mostly schlock
but her performance are always top notch .
also she usually appears nude
which she does here in two separate scene
and while she does not have classic feature
she does have a unique tomboy like look about her
and it is one of the reason
why
she was so popular .
but after appearing in silly film such as this i think
it led to her getting out of the business
or working only sporadically .
this is not a bad film
but it is never convincing
and watching the ghost scurry around
when the monk gives an exorcism is practically worthy of a giggle or two .
the bottom line is that this is silly
and i hope george decide to resume her career .
