directed by the duo yudai yamaguchi
( battlefield baseball )
and jun'ichi yamamoto `` meatball machine '' is apparently a remake of yamamoto 's 1999 movie with the same name .
i doubt i will ever get a chance
to see the original so i will just stick commenting on this one .
first of what is `` meatball machine '' ?
a simple in noway pretentious low budget industrial splatter flick
packed with great make up effect and gore .
it is not something
you will end up writing book
about but it is nevertheless entertaining
if you dig this type of cinema .
`` meatball machine '' follows the well known plot .
boy loves girl but is too afraid to ask her on a date .
boy finally meets girl .
girl gets infected by a parasitic alien creature
that turns her into a homicidal cyborg .
boy 
in turn does also transform into said thing ,
and goes on a quest to save his love .
will he succeed ?
who gives a damn ,
as long as there is carnage and death i
am satisfied.the plot is simple 
relatively clich\u00e9d
but it does it is job well enough
setting the movie 's course straight forward into a bloody confrontation between the two leading character .
there is a subplot focusing on how the parasite
that infected the girl came into to their life .
and yes it too luckily shows more violence .
i am happy .
acting is what you would expect from a no budget splatter film .
it is not exactly painful for the ears
but it is not exactly good either.the movie 's main attraction besides the violence and gore
( like i have not mentioned
that enough already ) are the cyborg design .
done by keitum amemiya
who 's work
in creating outlandish creature and costume for both movie and video-game is well known .
the necroborgs
as they are called in `` meatball machine ''
look stunningly detailed .
without the usage of cgi amemiya 's design are a eathtaking fusion of flesh and metal 
painfully awesome in their appearance .
able to transforms various part of the body into cool weaponry such as saw 
rocket launcher 
blood-firing shotgun and so on and so on .
though you can easily recognize the cheapness of the film ,
necroborgs are a-movie class .
`` meatball machine '' is `` tetsuo the iron man ''
mixed up with `` alien ''
all done in low budget and extra ketchup mode .
it is an immensely entertaining film
that disregards modern special effect and proves
that the splatter genre is still alive and kicking .
