let this film serve as the death knell to the `` big twist '' film borne out of the 1990s .
known in some circle as the kyser soze syndrome ,
this cinematic slight of hand has now been done to death by m. night shayamalan
and even ron howard used a variation in a beautiful mind .
however 
in revolver 
director guy ritchie
( known in some circle as `` mr. madonna '' ) ,
utilizes the soze motif in a far more obsequious manner .
jason statham
( with a highly questionable head of hair )
stars as jack green
( known to all as `` mr .
green . '' )
he may or may not also be criminal mastermind mr. gold .
or 
perhaps mr. gold is an irritable spirit
who can possess member of the underworld .
i am not quite certain ,
but i certainly do not care .
revolver is one of the most overwrought example of cinematic excess
i have had the displeasure
to endure in quite a long time .
witness the fractured time structure 
the painful jump cut 
the ceaseless inner-monologue 
and the painfully pretentious animated sequence .
this `` everything and the kitchen sink '' directing style makes quentin tarantino 's oeuvre look sedate .
the cinematic smoke and mirror only lead me to believe
that ritchie was as bored telling this trite tale
as i was watching it.the film is filled with moment of revelation
that are supposedly shocking
but they only come as news to mr. green .
i wanted to like green
as i always enjoy stratham as a character
who is two step ahead of everyone else .
here 
though 
he struggles along like a remedial reader in a university english literature class .
his lack of wit is only matched by the lack of restraint
shown by his nemesis 
macha
( ray liotta ) .
feasting on scenery like a starving man at a smorgasbord 
liotta spit 
cry 
and fume through the film in an embarrassing display of overacting and leopard print speedos .
there are no redeeming quality to revolver .
it is yet another filmic faux pas from ritchie
and might even outdo his wretched remake of swept away as his worst film yet .
