coonskin might be my favorite ralph bakshi film .
like the best of his work 
it is in-your-face and not ashamed of it for a second ,
but unlike some of his other work
( even when he is at his finest ,
which was before
and after coonskin with heavy traffic and wizard ) ,
it is not much uneven ,
despite appearance to the contrary .
bakshi 's taking on stereotype and perception of race 
of course ,
but moreover he is making what appears to be a freewheeling exploitation film ;
blaxploitation almost 
though bakshi does not stop just there .
if it were just a blaxploitation flick with inventive animation
it could be enough for a substantial feature .
but bakshi 's aim are higher :
throwing up these grotesque and exaggerated image of not just black person but italians/mafioso 
homosexual 
jew 
overall new york-type in the urban quarters of manhattan in the 70s ,
he is not out to make anything realistic .
the most normal looking creation
in looking drawn `` real ''
is 
in fact 
a naked woman painted red 
white and blue.in mocking these stereotype and convention and horrible form of racism
( i.e .
the `` tar-rabbit 
baby '' joke 
yes joke 
plus black-face ) 
we are looking at abstraction to a grand degree .
and best of all 
bakshi does not take himself too seriously ,
unlike spike lee with a film like bamboozled ,
in delivering his message .
this is why 
for the most part 
coonskin is a hilarious piece of work ,
where some of the image and thing done and sudden twist and 
of course 
scene of awkward behavior
( i loved the scene
where the three animated character are being talked at by the real-life white couple in tux and dress
as looking `` colorful '' and the like ) ,
are just too much not to laugh at .
it is not just the imagery ,
which is in and of itself incredibly `` over '' -stylized ,
but that the screenplay is sharp and ,
this is key for bakshi this time considering ,
it is got a fairly cohesive narrative
to string along the improvisation and madness.using at first live-action 
then animation 
and then an extremely clever matching of the two
( ironically 
what bakshi later went for in commercial form with cool world is done here to a t with less money and a rougher edge ) ,
pappy and randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a buddy to escape 
and pappy tell of the story of brother rabbit ,
who with brother bear and preacher fox go to harlem and become big-time hoodlum ,
with rabbit in direct opposition to a jabba-the-hut-esquire godfather character .
this is obviously a take off on song of the south with its intentionally happy-go-lucky plot and animation 
here taken apart
and shown for how rotten and offensive it really is.yet bakshi goes for oke in combining form ;
animated character stand behind
and move along with live-action background ;
when violence and gunshot and fight occurs
it is as bloody
as it can get for 1975 ;
when a dirty cop is at a bar
and is drugged and put in black-face and a dress ,
he trips in a manner
of which not even disney could reach with dumbo ;
a boxing match with brother bear and an opponent
as the climax is filmed in wild slow-motion ;
archive footage comes on from time to time of old movie 
some and some from the 20s
that are just tasteless.like mel brook or kuick or 
more recently 
south park 
bakshi 's coonskin function as entertainment first and then thought-provocation second .
it is also audacious film-making on an independent scale ;
everything from the long takes to the montage and the endlessly warped design for the character
( however all based on the theme of the piece )
all serve the thought in the script ,
where its b-movie plot opens up much more for interpretation .
to call it racist misses the point ;
it is like calling dr. strangelove pro-atomic desolation or confederate state of america pro slavery .
and 
for me 
it is one of the best satire ever made .
