i have the entire weissmuller tarzan series on dvd
( fully restored edition )
and i never tire of watching them .
my personal favorite is `` tarzan and his mate '' 
due entirely
( well almost entirely )
to maureen o'sullivan 's costume and the occasional flash of her genital area beneath
that leather flap hanging in front .
before anyone claim
that a - it was not really her 
or b -
it was not really what it looks like ,
let me say
that i have watched it numerous time 
in high zoom mode 
and trust me ... it is her ,
and she is completely naked underneath
that costume ... several time 
especially during the lion attack at the end 
careful viewing in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal
that she was shaved except for a tiny patch of dark hair
covering her labia ...
there is no mistake about that at all .
as to the swimming scene being a body double in a `` skin '' suit 
yes ,
it is a double ,
but she is not wearing any `` skin '' suit or anything else ... again ,
slow motion and maximum zoom shows everything to those
who want to see it .
now ,
that controversy out of the way ,
let 's move on the actual movie ... i thought
the script was really well thought out
and written tightly ... the action sequence were simply great ,
although it is obviously a stuntman riding the rhino ,
weissmuller actually wrestles the big male lion ...
the use of background shot
that were second unit stuff from africa
is very well blended with the studio and us locations
making it sometime hard to tell
which is which .
do not complain too much though ,
remember
that 90 % of all film is phony anyway ,
so just relax
and enjoy the damned thing with a big bowl of popcorn 
some cold beer 
and a fresh pack of smoke ... a sexy and willing girlfriend/wife is not out of line either ... lol .
oh ... one final word about nudity ... at the very beginning ,
while the white hunter are speaking dialogue ,
keep your eye on the background extras ...
there are several good shot of nude african girl
( obviously shot on location )
behind them .
one more thing 
the movie is not racist by the standard of the 1930 's until the 1960 's ...
that is the way
colored person were thought of and portrayed back then .
shaft had not even been thought about at that time ,
nor would audience have accepted any other portrayal of them at the time in history .
safari actually did use native carrying luggage on their head ...
and tiny 's character did die a heroic death
trying to save the white hunter and jane .
as a matter of fact 
it was not until gene autry treated the native american and colored person in his western like real human
being that hollywood began to see
that it was okay to do so .
