this was another obscure christmas-related title 
a low-budget mexican production from exploitation film-maker cardona
( night of the bloody apes [ 1969 ] 
tintorera !
[ 1977 ] ) ,
which \u0096 like many a genre effort from this country \u0096 was acquired for release in the u.s. by k. gordon murray .
judging by those two effort already mentioned ,
cardona was no visionary \u0096 and 
this one
having already received its share of flak over here ,
is certainly no better !
the film 
in fact 
is quite redolent of the weirdness
which characterized mexican horror outing from the era ,
but given an added dimension by virtue of the garish color
( which 
in view of the prominence of red \u0096 apart from st. nick himself 
the devil plays a major role in the proceedings \u0096 throughout ,
was essential ) .
anyway 
in a nutshell 
the plot involves satan 's effort to stall santa claus ' christmas eve rendezvous with the earth 's child ;
there is 
however 
plenty more wackiness along the way :
to begin with 
our portly 
white-bearded and chronically merry man-in-red life in a celestial palace
who 
apart from accompanying toy-maker kid from all over the world on his piano
as they sing
( laboriously for the whole first reel ! )
in their native tongue 
visit merlin \u0096 the famed magician at king arthur 's court ,
here bafflingly but amusingly prone to child-like hopping and mumbling gibberish !
\u0096 once every year
to acquire potion
which would ing somnolence to the young and render himself invisible
( by the way ,
the wizard 's anachronistic presence here is no less unlikely than his being a cohort of dr. frankenstein in son of dracula [ 1974 ] ! !
) ; incidentally 
by this time 
he always seems to have gained some excess weight
so santa has to work out in order to be able to fit into each proverbial chimney !
the devil 's antic
( enthusiastically rubbing his hand together at every turn
and generally hamming it up )
to hold up st. nick 's delivery program 
then ,
is perfectly puerile :
indeed 
their tit-for-tat shenanigan resemble an old laurel and hardy routine more than anything !
to pad out the running-time ,
we focus on three set of child :
one 
the lonely son of a rich couple
who wants nothing more for christmas than their company
( projected as a wish-fulfillment fantasy
where the boy finds his parent wrapped in extra-large package !
) 
a girl from a poor family
who yearns to own a doll of her own
( the horned one first tempts her to steal one ,
then invades the little one 's dreams \u0096 to no avail )
and a trio of at who 
egged on once again by satan ,
think of nothing
but causing mischief and eventually fall out amongst themselves .
there is definitely imagination at work here ,
but it is applied with little rhyme or reason ,
while the overall juvenile approach keeps entertainment
( unless one counts the film as a guilty pleasure )
well at bay !
