fr\u00e4ulein doktor is as good a demonstration as any
of how the once great film industry in western europe has declined in the past 40 year .
then 
in the late 60 ,
while the big hollywood studio were on the rope 
italy ,
france and england were turning out movie
to fill the void left by hollywood 's decline .
there were the jame bond picture
( doctor no was a surprise hit in the usa ,
it was first released at the century theater chain in nyc with a 99 cent afternoon admission price ) ,
the clint eastwood spaghettus western
( with a fistful of dollar
released by a distributor
that never paid the italian producer a dime )
and french crime movie
that usually went to art house 
with exception like the sicilian clan .
and there were european co-production like doctor zhivago and 
of course 
fr\u00e4ulein doktor .
with its big budget for the time 
and the world talent involved 
fr\u00e4ulein doktor was good enough
that viewer still remember the movie decades later.kenneth more ,
playing a british intelligence officer ,
has a line in fr\u00e4ulein doktor
where he tells a caught spy to either talk
or he will play the wall game .
the wall being opposite a firing squad 
with little chance of the spy winning the game .
that sort of cynical attitude played well across national border ,
in the vietnam war era of 1969.the steamy scene between suzy kendall and capucine probably did not damage these performer ' chance
at getting part in hollywood movie ,
hollywood studio were in the process
of shedding their overseas distribution and production business .
fox would no longer co-produce film like the sicilian clan ,
columbia would not distribute film like belmondo 's the night caller .
mgm went even further ,
cutting almost all film production ,
selling its chain of theater in india for the value of the land underneath
and unloading its borehamwood studio facilty
as kerkorian looted the studio
to raise money
for building his casino in las vegas
( where a bally casino gift shop sold mgm memorabilium at giveaway price 
stuff left over from the auction of mgm 's prop warehouse ) .paramount distributed fr\u00e4ulein doktor 
but gulf and western 's charle bludhorn ,
who had taken over the company and canned the studio 's aged board of director ,
unloaded the studio 's film liary to universal
( as i recall )
and really became interested in movie
after production chief robert evan started turning out one hit after another .
but that was in the 70s .
fr\u00e4ulein doktor with its lesbian scene was buried ,
with cut version of the movie
showing up on local station through the 80s.kenneth more
was usually typecast as a bumbling guy
when he was older 
especially in the bbc detective series father brown .
when he was younger 
as in the british movie titanic ,
he played his standard reserved british officer .
in fr\u00e4ulein doktor 
he had a chance
to be a lot tougher than usual 
as i recall .
it would be nice to see
if my memory of this movie is accurate ,
about his role and 
of course 
those cavalry horse
wearing gas mask and protective cover riding into battle .
that was some scene ,
and alberto lattuada showed
he was some director 
helming this world war i espionage movie ,
where the money
spent on production value
really shows up on the screen .
