what we have here is a downright illiant piece of early 80 's incompetence
that will render even the biggest connoisseur of trash- cinema completely speechless !
`` wizard of the lost kingdom '' is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy/sword-and-sorcery adventure
that does not have an actual plot
but does eagerly and shamelessly borrows element from other film .
writer ed naha and hector olivera
( who ? )
watched enough similar type of movie
to know
that they needed a handful of essential character ,
but probably figured
that all the rest would follow automatically .
in order to make a fantasy-adventure
you need :
one super- evil villain
( preferably with a black cape ) ,
one young hero in training 
one lone warrior 
one amiable type of furry pet 
one wise midget
living in the wood
( optional )
and a whole colorful collection of hideous demon 
enslaved dwarfs 
and winged gargoyle to serve as filler .
the story is phenomenal and so original 
with simon the young son of a wizard
having to flee from his beloved kingdom
after the evil magician shurka takes over the power
and killed the king .
simon wants to go back and save the person ,
but therefore he needs his powerful ring
which he lost during his escape .
simon befriend lone warrior kor
( the usually cool dude bo svenson
who clearly needed the pay check ) ,
who assists simon during the long and devastating journey full of ordeal 
dangerous encounter and magical showdown .
admittedly it does not even sound too bad thus far ,
but that is merely just
because i excluded all the deliciously inept little detail .
simon has a best friend
named gulfax 
for example .
gulfax is an albino version of chewbacca and evoke incontrollable chuckle
whenever he opens his poodle-snout to yelp something incomprehensible .
the obstacle during journey back home are hilariously irrelevant to the `` plot ''
and simply serve as padding footage
to cover up the lack of actual content .
simon has nightmarish vision inside the tent of a suspicious forest nymph 
kor settle an old score with the pig-faced nemesis
whose sister
he refused to marry
and there is the supposedly horrible 'suicide cave '
where you can only sing your way out of .
but the absolute most unequally illiant sequence \u0096 not just of this film alone but in the history of cinema \u0096 involves the resurrection of four zombie warrior .
simon awakes the legendary courageous warrior ,
hoping
they will assist them in their battle ,
but the rotting corpses only take a few step ,
complain about how tired they are and return back to their grave .
that is it !
so much for the zombie sub plot !
best sequence ever !
i could go on listing unintentionally hilarious little detail for several more paragraph ,
but you get the idea .
`` wizard of the lost kingdom '' is a tremendously messed-up `` so-bad-it is-good '' film .
word of advice :
do not watch this joyful piece of junk alone .
invite friend 
preferably the dope-headed type with a wicked sense of humor ,
and watch it in group .
it will be a night to remember
