maybe it is because i looked up the history of the irish trouble in the 1920s and then the sad civil war
that engulfed the free state after the signing of the treaty
before watching this movie .
anyway 
the sudden turn at the end ought tear to my eyes.victor mclaglen is not as famous today
as he was back then ,
and he should be better remembered .
in this film 
i think
he is playing himself
as he would have been without his innate talent and ain .
for example 
the scene
where his buddy in the crowd is challenging man
to fight with him
is probably quite reminiscent of what mclaglen actually did in earlier year ,
when he was a world-class bare-knuckles boxer .
john ford is partly responsible for that ;
the imdb trivia section shows
how he tricked mclaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the trial scene .
this director also could ing out a lot in his actor ,
even without such trick .
mostly 
though 
mclaglen is firmly in control ,
especially when his character is almost totally blotto
( which is difficult for an actor to do believably ) ,
and he also plays gypo nolan with a depth and emotional power
that is surprising for someone
who has only seen mclaglen later in his career 
in `` the quiet man . ''
i especially like the contrast between this role as an ira man and the much more obviously controlled performance
he gave as the ira man denis hogan in `` hangman 's house . ''
in `` the quiet man 
'' of course 
mclaglen is a country squire at odd with the local ira .
victor mclaglen was big and bully 
in the old-fashioned sense of the word ,
but he was a good actor 
too 
and capable of wide range and fine nuance of performance
that we just would not expect of a such a man today .
it is a rather sad commant on our own set of expectation and prejudices.ford ,
as usual 
packs a lot into a little bit of film .
all the character are excellent
( though the commandant 's mostly american accent is distracting )
-- note :
there be spoiler ahead !
-- knowing
that gypo once drew the short straw
and was ordered to kill a man
but let him talk his way out of it instead ,
we really empathize with the man
who draws the short straw for executing gypo ,
and the humanity he shows ,
most notably
when they go to take gypo in mary 's room .
john ford really shows his genius here ,
taking what could have been a gruesome and yet expected outcome to the whole story
and instead using it
to set up a totally unexpected and yet very satisfying ending
that makes us think not just of gypo and the other character 
but of poor ireland during that tortured time .
