watching this again recently ,
i found it heartwarming to see the way
they sincerely tried to ing the book to the screen ,
even if the shoestring budget and hammy actor meant inevitable failure .
by any objective measure this was a disaster ,
but i found it easy to imagination
how good a lord of the ring movie could be if someone was to make one sincerely - and with the money
to employ the most talented artist and script writer .
unfortunately 
thank to jackson 
that will not be possible for a long time.watching this movie left me with the impression
that with any sort of budget at all 
then this story simply could not be stuffed up .
fantasy just provides so many opportunity
for making an interesting film .
there were many moment in this film
that were potentially more interesting than the way
that peter jackson did it ,
although of course you always have to use your imagination due to the poor execution .
the way they tried to show the wraith world from frodo 's point of view for example .
or the way
that galadriel showed
sam what was happening back home for another.another thing
i really appreciated in this version -
the silent moment .
there were moment
when dialog was spoken with no background music against a still back-drop .
compare
that to the grandiose swooping camera of the jackson film 
and the intrusive score
which seemed designed
to stress how each and every scene
was the most poignant and powerful scene
we had ever watched .
jackson 's film were full of their own importance ,
this was quieter and a lot more modest.jackson and co hit this with more than us $ 270 million dollar in production cost 
at least $ 90 million dollar more for marketing 
a massive tax eak from the nz government ,
and also gained massive saving from filming in nz not the usa .
however ,
despite the marketing claim ,
the intention
to be faithful
was never there .
this is well documented .
philippa boyen said as much in an interview ,
when she said
they deliberately did not re-read the book
before writing the script .
jackson also stated
that they originally intended to make a fantasy film `` along the line of '' the lord of the ring ,
and that the one he really wanted to do was return of the king ,
because it had a lot of battle but no character development.in contrast ,
this film tried to be more true .
of course a lot of thing were wrong ,
the acting was awful
and pretty much sunk everything ,
and the pace was too fast .
naturally they cut a lot ,
and adapted other scene ,
and for this they deserve credit .
while jackson added a lot of action scene
that served no plot purpose ,
bakshi cut book scene
which did nothing to advance the plot anyway .
there is actually a curious similarity between the structure of the jackson and bakshi film near the beginning -
in that they both deviate from the original book in the same way -
although of course some of this could be coincidence.this was not a good film ,
but the potential was there .
bakshi said in an interview to the onion av club
that only animation could do the lord of the ring justice .
his version did not work ,
but he might have been right .
