cypher is a clever 
effective and eerie film
that deliver .
its good premise is presented well
and it has its content delivered in an effective manner
but also in a way
the genre demand .
although one could immediately label the film a science fiction ,
there is a little more to it .
it has it is obvious science fiction trait
but the film resembles more of a noir/detective feel
than anything else
which really adds to the story.the film 
overall ,
plays out like it is some kind of nightmare ;
thus building
and retaining a good atmosphere .
we are never sure
of what exactly is going on ,
we are never certain
why certain thing
that are happening
actually are
and we are not entirely sure of certain person ,
similar to having a dream \u0096 the ambiguity reigns over us all \u0096 hero included and i have not seen this pulled off in such a manner in a film before 
bar terry gilliam 's brazil .
going with the eeriness stated earlier ,
cypher present itself with element of horror as well as detective 
noir and science fiction
giving the feeling
that there is something in there for everyone
and it integrates its element well.there is also an espionage feeling to the film
that aids the detective side of the story .
the mystery surrounding just about everyone
is disturbing to say
the least and i find the fact
that the character of rita foster
( liu ) ,
who is supposed to resemble a femme fatale ,
can be seen as less of a threat to that of everything else happening around the hero :
person
whom appear as friend actually are not 
person
who say
they are helping are actually using and those
that appear harmless enough are actually deadlier
than they look .
despite a lot of switching thing around 
twisting the plot several time and following order
that are put across in a way
to make them seem
that the world will end
if they are not carried out ;
the one thing
that seems the most dangerous
is any romantic link or connection with lucy liu 's character \u0096
and she is trying to help out
( ! )
the film maintains
that feeling of two side
battling a war of espionage ,
spying
and keeping one up on its employee and opponent .
the whole thing plays out like some sort of mini-cold war ;
something
that resembles the u.s.a. and the u.s.s.r. in their war of word 's heyday
and it really pulls through
given the black 
bleak 
often cgi littered screen
that i was glued to .
what was also rather interesting
and was a nice added
touch was the travel insert shot of certain american state
made to resemble computer microchip as our hero fly to and from his stated destination \u0096 significan not then how the more he acts on his and foster 's own motivation this sequence disappears
because he is eaking away from the computerised 
repetitive 
controlled life
that he is being told to live
and is anching out.cyhper is very consistent in its content
and has all the element of a good film .
to say
it resembles the first jason bourne film ,
only set in the sci-fi genre ,
is not cutting it enough slack
but you can see the similarity ;
despite them both being released in the same year .
like i mentioned earlier ,
there feel
like there is something in this film for everyone
and if you can look past the rather disappointing ending
that a few person may successfully predict ,
you will find yourself enjoying this film .
