i saw this film on the history channel today
( in 2006 ) .
first of all 
i realize
that this is not a documentary
-- that it is a drama .
but 
one might hope that at least the critical `` fact ''
that the story turns on might be based on actual event .
reagan was shot
and the other character were real person .
the movie got that right .
from there on 
reliance on fact rapidly decay .
i had never heard of this movie
before seeing it .
having been a tv reporter at the time of these event ,
i was stunned
that i had never heard anything about the bizarre behavior of secretary haig
as portrayed by richard dreyfuss .
the whole nation had heard the `` i am in control ... '' 
etc. ,
but dreufuss ' haig is bullying a cowered cabinet
and totally out of control personally .
having watched the film ,
i began researching the subject on the internet
and quickly found actual audio tape and transcript of most of the situation room conversation
that this film pretends to reenact .
incredibly 
many the the principal `` fact '' of the film meant to show a white house 
secret service etc .
in total chaos
-- and the nation 's leadership behaving irrationally
and driving the world near the ink of nuclear war --
are demonstrably incorrect .
they did not happen !
there is internal conflict ,
to be sure .
haig makes misstep ,
his press room performance is historically regrettable
and he is `` difficult '' .
but there is nothing approaching the scene depicted in the film .
there are too many gross error to list 
but any fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film begs the question
as to what the producer were really trying to accomplish .
enlighten ?
inform ?
entertain ?
i believe
they failed on all three front .
it is difficult to ascribe motive to other ,
but one must seriously question
what was behind such shameless invention .
and 
as for my beloved history channel 's `` reel to real '' follow-on documentary 
there was almost no mention of the issue
that were the central focus of the film
-- namely the event within the administration on the day of the shooting .
so 
the viewer was left to research those without much
-- if any --
help from the network .
