the orange tone to everything was just yucky .
oh yeah 
the main character life in a ghetto
that is all orange-tinted with orange-tinted person .
meanwhile 
to mentally escape from this crushing poverty of the body ,
she plays a full-immersion video game
( which suck in that no rule are clear and no logic
follows the gameplay ) .
she apparently earns an income
playing the game
but she is revealed to not be an employee of the game company ? .
lot of non-speaking pause later the story drags on slowly .
she uses a glitchy orange computer interface with an operating interface
that is so visually annoying
and i can only suspect a microsoft future release.meanwhile 
i the viewer ,
ask basically why
she is wasting her precious time in some moronic game
when she barely has the necessity of life ?
oh yeah ,
playing game is fun ,
but what is the point
when you are almost starving ?
while she is piddling her life away
playing some lousy even-more-orange-tinted lame full-immersion video game her dog runs off
( probably looking for an owner
who pays at least a moment of attention
to it
and feeds it regularly )
or is stolen from the woman
( while she is ignoring her lousy orange-tinted reality )
.meanwhile
she obsesses over some game
her game-playing team lost the entire uninteresting movie .
yawn .
so she wants to be the best of the best ,
go get them ash catchem
( got to bore us all ) .
golly 
this main character suck as a human being as well
and has no redeeming quality aside from her physical beauty
( which she could barter for some manner
to escape her crushing poverty )
.so
she reaches the `` real '' level and it 
at least 
not suck horribly
and she is sent to kill a former comatose teammate mentally
living in the `` real '' level .
finally the sucky boring bland orange-tinted movie is no longer a tedious chore to watch ,
but has the potential
to say
something along the line `` the main character is trapped in imaginary computer-generated poverty
and she is actually in the real world now '' .
perhaps she will do the murder deed and live in the real world now ?
well 
she kills the guy
and he vanishes in a digital effect .
wow !
thank idiotic director .
you suck ,
you suck so very much ,
director.here the director had an iota of a chance
to redeem himself slightly by burying this lousy lame moronic cruddy movie with a philosophical twist.the director
could have said ,
`` the real world is there
and if you live in it
and contribute to it to make it better ,
it will not be some cruddy orange-tinted poverty land . ''
a clever way
to make this suck-tacular movie a agonizingly slow lesson on basic civic pride
( for the 1 % of the viewer
that have not found something
actually entertaining to watch at this point or are movie-masochist )
.nope 
director .
the director had to screw this all up by tossing in some cruddy digital effect
and ruin all chance of redemption for this awfully lousy movie
which was a waste of money 
a waste of time 
and a waste of viewer trust.after
that 
it ends .
good riddance .
i hope
the director chokes on it .
i am putting this hack on my `` avoid at all cost '' list for any other film his name is attached to .
