it was and a simpler time
( the seventy ) ,
a simpler place
( san francisco ) ,
where a man could make a simple movie about a drug crazed psychotic re-crucifixion of christ as a woman on acid with never ending dream sequence
and inter cut flashback
while having a multi-racial inter gender orgy
regardless of financial responsibility or moral repercussion.this movie 
tedious 
slow 
boring 
is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy handed art school dreck
that passed as art in the midst of the 70 's .
and i love it !
once this train wreck of endless slow motion zoom in and heavy reverbed echo chamber acid guitar lick starts
you can not take your eye off of it until the ridiculous and absurd end .
its kind of a cross between jesus christ superstar 
beyond the valley of the doll ,
and a really crappy acid trip with your parent on a water bed .
its simultaneously a train wreck 
completely fascinating ,
and also a great snapshot of the worst
( or best )
element of b-grade seventy phychadelic film genre.the plot.i will just tell you the plot
because you will hardly be able to tell what happening due to the constant cross edited flashback to event
that may or may not have happened to character
that may or may not be themselves ,
and the face painted hippy freak nick endlessly cavorting about in banal sequence of performance art level mime like street theater .
`` logan '' is a really annoying iconoclast film maker
who yells at person allot
and is surrounded by a mostly silent film crew
who are always dropping acid
and having what seem like really bad orgy .
richard dreyfus has an ancillary role
as what seems like the accountant .
the film crew seems to hate him for some reason and eak out into maniacal laughter perhaps to torment him .
`` suzanne '' the titular character is a willowy blond
who stairs vacuously into space and comforts the totally inane `` artist '' character .
`` the artist '' is going completely mad 
by the way .
either from his hamfisted overacting or the incredible awfulness of his painting .
all of course terrible nude of susanne .
there are some other character
that randomly show up 
a cigar chomping `` the man '' character .
who also is all hot for suzanne i guess .
he has a monologue .
i could not really ever figure out what he had to do with the story
except everyone had to hate `` the man '' back then and you could not make a movie
without one .
there is also a mute girl .
the mute girl pays off in the end trust me 
its incredibly stupid .
