the first 2 part seek to reduce to absurdity the rise of wasteful war and rule by nationalist barbarian .
the 3rd part speculates
that progress and exploration toward the moon and beyond is the key
to ensuring a meaningful use of human talent and resource .
it has speech
that some viewer dismiss as naive or bombastic
but that make other tingle with excitement .
it depicts a space gun/launcher and a helicopter 
along with inventive mass communication device 
elevator 
flat screen panel 
and wireless intercom .
it is probably incorrect about windowless building in the future .
but it portrays a child-like vision of boundless scientific/technological investigation.to me ,
it seems like a movie about a group of rational minded thinker guided by a spinozean-like morality in their quest to immortalize themselves and live ethically through scientific advancement and a unified world government .
the pro-progress character
( such as the two cabal )
believe
humanity could 'live forever ' by preserving our experiment and progress for future generation ,
alway standing on our humanity
as if on the shoulder of giants.arthur c. clarke
( author of 2001 :
a space odyssey )
suggested this film to stanley kuick as an example of an excellent sf movie .
kuick hated it
and said
he would never watch another movie
based on clarke 's suggestion
( source :
clarke 's special millennial introduction to his 2001 novel ) .
though the late clarke kept suggesting
it at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best sf movie .
it has a beautiful menzy art design ,
but mediocre special effect
( esp .
the toy tank )
.i personally loved it
and think
it excellently captures the zeitgeist of modernity .
it is a bit naive about the plausibility
of creating a society
without crime for an extended period of time .
it also seems implausible about the inevitability of progress .
it seems to me we could just as easily go right back to the dark ages or at least become so stagnant in science
that we kill ourselves off through overpopulation or through our inability
to escape the next major natural disaster .
but it nicely portrays the importance of taking risk against public and nanny outrage for potential threat of space accident and death .
it challenges us to choose the side of progress over petty desire for safety or comfort or happiness :
cabal :
`` too much { rest } and too soon ,
and we call it death .
but for man no rest and no ending .
he must go on
-- conquest beyond conquest .
this little planet and its wind and way ,
and all the law of mind
and matter that restrain him .
then the planet about him ,
and at last out across immensity to the star .
and when he has conquered all the deep of space and all the mystery of time
-- still he will be beginning . ''
cabal :
`` if we are no more than animal
-- we must snatch at our little scrap of happiness and live and suffer and pass 
mattering no more --
than all the other animal do --
or have done . ''
{ he points out at the star . }
`` it is that
-- or this ?
all the universe
-- or nothingness ... ''
( quotes from screenplay )
.if this sounds like a rationalization for devoting all of society
to progress 
then the council member
( of the world government )
will seem like technocrat .
but actually those `` technocrat '' allow their citizen to become artisan or pursue other passion freely ,
and they would have to be suppressed by government ban 
law against science and experiment 
and other mandate and restrictive use of power
that would turn their critic into tyrants.in fact a huge group of rebel in the plot feel
belittled by all the council 's development of science and technology ,
so they try to put a stop
to progress and an end the council 's freedom to experiment .
the progress oriented council will not suppress the free speech of the rebel though ,
only preparing its 'peace gas ' in time of emergency
and merely wanting the freedom and space
to pursue its progress.so
it is also a story about the freedom
to do science ,
just as much
as it is about the wonder of progress .
many person in our society would actually agree with some of these basic premise 
except in case of social bias
( many want to ban cloning 
for example )
or naturalism
( some do not want us to progress freely ,
and would rather we just become extinct in due time
while enslaved to the earth )
or fear/reason
( some believe
we are not ready for advanced science/technology
since we might destroy ourselves ) .
but cabal
( the president of the council )
has an answer to the problem of danger :
`` our { scientific } revolution did not abolish death or danger .
it simply made death and danger worth while ''
( screenplay ) .
