let 's hope this is the final nightmare .
this is the epitome of a good thing gone bad .
okay 
there is still some enjoyment to be had 
but only in the most mundane sense .
rachel talalay had been there for the duration of this franchise ,
had been on the production staff
and produced even .
i do not know
what she was thinking ,
but this debacle comes complete with the human video game boy and a guest appearance bytom and roseanne arnold !
i wish i had a clue
what she was thinking
when she wrote/directed this disappointing piece of garbage .
she even tried to distract her audience from the fact
that this movie was nothing more than an over-glorified popcorn movie instead of bearing any resemblance to horror 
with the contrived use of a 3d ending .
are not those glass nifty ?
and you get to keep them !
it is the equivalent of ,
you just spent $ 9.00 making me rich .
here is 10 cent .
now 
do not you feel special ! ?
sorry 
but for me 
it just did not make me feel special .
and freddy 's had yet another face-lift .
this one was for the worst ,
i think .
all the beautiful artistry
that went into his `` look '' in the earlier film
has been replaced by an obviously cheaper 
less detailed set of prosthetic .
he looks ...
less like the burn victim he is supposed to be ,
and more like he has a skin disorder .
changing the lead 's makeup like
that so far into a series
is about on the same level
as changing the lead actor .
but wait !
they have done that ,
and done that .
so i guess
it does not matter .
but it mattered to me .
freddy is no longer scary .
he is just ... another low-rent monster like the leprechaun .
it is more ... a dark comedy than the horror classic this series promises ;
riddled with what you can only hope
the writer thought were witty one-liner and clever repartee
( sadly 
it fell short on both account ) .
so there is nothing more to say than grab the popcorn and get ready to laugh ,
because there was not one scary or suspenseful moment in this entire film .
it rate a 3.2/10 from ... the fiend : .
