going down as the most expensive film in finnish history ,
to date 
`` dark floor '' is a horror film with an extremely lynchian narrative
that recounts an ever increasingly decrepit series of `` floor ''
( ironically enough )
in an abandoned hospital ,
in which our protagonist are trapped .
lead by an autistic daughter and her father ,
himself disenchanted with the hospital apparent lack of medical progress with his daughter ,
make their way into an elevator debating the issue with one of the hospital nurse .
accompanied by a security guard 
a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated tramp the collective soon find the complex abandoned ,
but they are not alone .
directed by finnish- born pete riski ,
more known for his television work 
`` dark floor '' is filmed in english ,
using mainly english actor
but has the notable inclusion of finland 's arguably most famous group `` lordi ''
( 2006 eurovision song contest winner )
as themselves 
i.e .
in their on stage monstrous costume 
as the film antagonist 
yet for all this razzmatazz the production fails
where it is needed most ,
in convincing the audience.any film
that has their lead character
use the phrase
`` it is too quiet ''
is already headed down a dubious path ,
and this lordi influenced horror does not eak that convention .
for all the good idea
that are thrown into the mix there
are a handful of ripe clich\u00e9s alongside and worst of all ,
anything
that is interestingly original
is not fleshed out enough for it to resonate .
the concept of the degrading floor is initially highly ominous
and does provide a sense of inevitable doom
as the audience is aware those
trapped in the hospital
must progress ever further down in the mire .
however 
there is not enough atmosphere
created to scare
and intimidate the audience into the unknowing fear ,
the viewer is aware
the journey will become ever more dangerous 
as the level degenerate from shiny white through to hellish black ,
but i do not think
the character are aware enough of this fact
for it to be threatening .
also 
the entire film
taking place
in what is essentially its own time bubble
is again a very nice touch ,
a concept not often used in the horror genre ,
but the character do not confront the situation with enough fear and trepidation
when they stumble across this fact ,
they continue about their business far too readily
and without enough genuine concern for the idea
to mean anything to the audience .
these initially good idea are just left to go to waste ,
as if the director and/or mr lordi
( who had many of the idea
used within the film )
had these thought ,
but could not agree or decide on how to best use them and as such lose their purpose and point .
yet for all the frustration there are large quantity of comedy ,
yet not for the reason
the creator would have hoped for .
too much is clich\u00e9d ,
too much is recycled
and too much is just simply ridiculous .
while the lead is amicably acted by noah huntley ,
the character are mere cardboard cut out
that have been pasted into the story from other film .
we have a lead man
doing everything possible
to protect his daughter alongside a clunkily developed love interest .
accompanying the `` couple '' we have the traditional token black man as a hard-nosed security guard 
with the nigh on infinite clip for his sidearm 
and a weasely disbelieving businessman only on the look out for himself .
worst of all though 
unfortunately 
is the introduction of the cast of lordi as the creature of the night
that torment our wandering band of misfit ,
but not for them appearing as themselves .
what makes a horror film scary to the viewing audience is contextualising the fear .
`` the shining '' is scary
because it is a member of your own family hounding you ,
in `` dawn of the dead ''
it is our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thought patterns the zombie possess ,
in `` alien ''
the fear is explained ,
the creature is rationalised and in `` dark floor ''
there is none of that .
perhaps it is unfair to compare this production to these monolith of the genre
but
when you do it shows
it pales significan notly
and that it is aggressor feel like nothing more than demented klingon
where you can almost see the zip on the costume
they wear ,
without a build up of any atmosphere `` lordi '' just are not scary.it is infuriating
because we all cheer for the underdog and hope
they do well ,
you want the smaller production
to say
that they can create the same quality of film as `` hollywood '' churns out 
much in the similar way
that george a romero started out ,
but it does not always materialise .
i enjoyed the film
and did not feel
as if i had wasted the ninety minute i had just sat through ,
but i felt enjoyment on a completely hollow level
as if nothing that had occurred mattered or affected me subconsciously 
emotionally or critically .
i felt
the almost lynchian narrative was a standout plus point ,
but it fades out into nothingness .
why did it happen ?
what does it mean ?
will they go through this all again ?
without even the slightest insight into what will happen
the film is simply puzzling for the sake of trying to be arty .
was the entire sequence of event real
or was it merely a dream sequence ?
had the autistic girl watched the eurovision song contest of 2006
and simply had a highly bizarre nightmare
given the stress
she was under ?
who knows ?
and unfortunately i fail to work up the energy to even care .
`` dark floor '' is an infuriating experience
that
while ultimately shallow hallmark potential and at the very least shows a plethora of creative energy from mr lordi ,
who perhaps should look into working solo
to fully develop his idea .
it is one that fan of the group or the genre should perhaps pursue
but will leave you feeling left in the lurch for not having enough light shed on the situation .
