i do not see enough tv game show
to understand the attraction of show me the money ,
but i suppose it holds some appeal for undemanding audience .
ostensibly a quiz show ,
it offers contestant huge sum of money
for answering a few simple question .
however 
its quiz element play only a small part in the proceedings ,
which i find tortuously complicated .
for example ,
before answering a question ,
a contestant selects
which question is to be asked by choosing from among random `` a 
'' `` b 
'' or `` c '' choice .
does this serve any purpose other
than to slow the game down ?
it would be a lot quicker
simply to start with `` a . ''
contestant can pass on question ,
but must answer one of the three question in each category.after
responding to a question ,
the contestant is then asked to `` lock in '' the answer
-- another delaying tactic .
the contestant 's next task is to name
which woman from about a dozen go-go dancer in cage is to unveil a card
that indicates
how much the question is worth .
a correct answer adds the card 's dollar figure to the contestant 's running total ;
a wrong answer subtracts the same sum .
this time-consuming step actually has some entertainment value ,
as it allows the audience to get a close look at the scan notily clad and uniformly gorgeous dancer .
meanwhile 
the contestant is reminded
that an unlucky selection of the `` killer card '' will end the game instantly .
this naturally makes the contestant sweat
and causes further delay as the nervous contestant contemplates the sudden loss of the hundred of thousand of dollar .
my suspicion is that the possibility of sudden disaster is the show 's chief audience appeal.meanwhile ,
the whole process is slowed down even more by a lot of empty banter between host william shatner and the contestant 
along with occasional routine by the caged dancer .
all these delay burn up so much time
that it might be possible for audience
to forget what the original question is by the time
the correct answer
is revealed.a typical 30-minute episode of jeopardy often gets through as many as 60 question .
the first 30 minute of smtm
that i watched got through only six question
( many of which pertained to other tv show ) .
no one in his right mind would watch this show
because it is fun to play along
by answering the question at home .
that leaves three possible reason to watch the show.a .
to see how a contestant responds to being on the verge of winning as much as one million dollar ,
only to lose everything in one stroke.b .
to look at gorgeous young woman
performing sexually suggestive dance routine.c .
to enjoy william shatner 's scintillating banter.my choice is `` b 
''
but the woman are not on camera long enough
to justify suffering through an hour of this show .
