i will have to add dissenting comment here .
various review i have read compared this movie to the like of those by wong kar wai or hou hsiao-hsien .
i.e .
one of the admirable flotilla of mandarin goody
that have come our way in recent year .
unfortunately this is not quite accurate .
the film plays out rather like a film school graduate 's attempt to emulate these master .
all the piece are there - the beautiful backdrop 
the vaguely minimalist dialogue 
the slow swaying camerawork 
and male lead 
in particular ,
who spend a fair whack of time
sitting around being contemplative .
sound good but unfortunately nothing is up to par .
the dialogue is leaden .
the acting is generally unable to lift the character above type ;
the married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and uninvolving .
unfortunately when mediocre character acting is combined with a classical `` chekovian ''
( i.e .
very predictable ) plot 
the result are at best tedious and at worst painful .
i could not help but see the `` blue danube '' river scene 
for example 
as verging on genre parody
( although the smoggy looking `` springtime '' sky over the river did provide a bit of black humour ... )
i actually went to this movie on the basis
that mark li ping was photographing it .
while the setting is elegant ,
and the swaying camera attempt to replicate the mood of `` flower of shanghai '' ,
the film is not in the same league 
visually .
in fact i must confess
that after an hour of wondering
whether it was the script or the acting
that was ruining the film ,
i suddenly remembered
that i was meant to meet my flatmate for dinner
and took the chance
to leave
( and i can not recall the last film i
walked out of ) .
i am guessing from the review
that the ending may have left a positive aftertaste
but by that point i could not care .
if you would like to see something along similar line
done with real talent
then i would recommend anything by the above two director 
for example `` in the mood for love '' or `` flower of shanghai '' 
both of which were filmed by the talented mr ping
( the former with chris doyle ) ,
and both of which are film masterful enough
to inspire year of failed emulation like this .
it is not often mr hoberman lead me astray ,
and perhaps you would rather listen to him ,
but do not say
you were not warned .
craig .
