i attended one of the premiere last night
and have the following observation :
1.
just
because you have directed a ton of music videos
does not make you qualified to make movie .
the movie had an overabundance of lingering shot
that made no sense 
horrible angle 
and terrible lighting .
the editing did not help this mess at all .
when `` dixie '' shows up late for the memorial service her mother remark about her hand
but it is never clear what the heck she is talking about.2 .
the plot had promise ,
but the script was thin and full of ford truck sized hole .
we never get to understand what drives the character 
what is really behind the conflict
they all have with each other or exactly
how they resolve them .
sixteen year of distance is wiped out in 4 day seemingly by magic .
the deep conversation were marred by stupid clich\u00e9s .
( in fact 
the whole town was one big clich\u00e9 of southern life . )
half the audience groaned
when toby drawled `` ya got my blood runnin through your vein gurl '' ...
and we were treated to that insipid line not once 
but twice !
the revelation were yawn inducing ,
and the dramatic confession boiled down to `` i was stupid and stubborn ''
.3. the acting was okay considering the wreck of a script
they had to work with .
toby was dark and ooding most of the film ,
but when he smiled and lightened up
he was charming .
it is a shame
he did not have more screen time like that .
kelly preston 's acting chop are pretty rusty
and it shows .
lindsay haun is talented
and it is certainly not her fault the writer made her character so unlikeable in the beginning
that you do not blame her father for not coming
to look for her .
burt reynold and tess harper were able to make more of this movie
but still looked more or less lost .
( and indeed ,
their character get lost in this film ! )
4.
if you are a toby fan
you will love the song .
but often the movie felt like a scene was forced
in just so they could feature one of his song
-- or the artist on his record label .
for instance 
the movie 's official love song is `` crash here tonight '' .
you would think
that would play around a tender love scene ,
but nope ... we hear about 45 second of it
as he is heading to a memorial service .
it was as if
they said
`` well 
we got ta use this song somewhere '' .
the song `` broken '' is haunting and the best thing
to come out of this movie.in summary ...
a promising plot never fully develops
and the movie is horribly uneven
as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for toby keith 's music and product placement for ford truck .
it goes from being about person rebuilding oken idge
to trying to be about the power of music
but the story is told so poorly
that both point get lost in this overgrown music video .
i like toby and really wanted to like `` broken bridge ''
but the person he counted on
to make this movie let him down
and deserve one of his famous boot
you know where .
