one of director miike takashi 's very best .
it is so good
it is difficult to put into word .
at nearly fifteen year older than the target audience it thrilled me from beginning to end.it recall similar child 's film from the 1980s in the sense
that
( unlike today )
those film were not afraid to scare -
there is a lot of nasty detail here
that i initially found jarring
but soon realised it is nothing different to what i grew up on .
the film is a compilation of '80s kid 's film convention .
you name it ,
it is there :
a young boy hero thrust from his own unhappy/dysfunctional world into another 
inhabited by mythical and mystical goblin ;
a quest
to save both world from an evil force ;
a beautiful heroine he has a crush on ;
a sadistic henchwoman
( go-go yubari from kill bill vol .
1 ) ; a lead villain
who draws his evil power from something
everyone in the world can relate to .
but all these genre convention are given a fresh spin
and added depth.one of the imdb reviews begins
`` where was this film
when i was a kid ? ''
and it is a sentiment i agree with wholeheartedly .
even while watching it i lamented the fact
that i had not grown up on it ;
that it was not a part of my childhood like labyrinth 
master of the universe and 
to a much lesser extent 
the neverending story .
those film ,
and other like the goonie are recalled
but never copied - miike relentlessly offering us a new take on thing.poor cgi is a staple of many of his film 
sometimes due to budgetary limitation
but just as frequently an artistic choice - a desire
to present thing in an outlandish way .
here the cgi is mostly average ,
solely due to budgetary limitation ,
but nevertheless he does a fantastic job
of putting on a spectacle .
the cg effect combine with traditional puppet 
animatronic and truly extraordinary make-up
to create a world
filled with rich character
( and characterisation )
that frequently borders on the visionary.this rank as one of the greatest child 's film ever made .
not for younger or more sensitive kid though.just jaw-droppingly wonderful .
see it for yourself and if you think
your kid can handle/appreciate it then show it to them .
let them grow up on the great yokai war
as some small compensation for the fact you could not .
