i have never seen such a movie before .
i was on the edge of my seat
and constantly laughing throughout the entire movie .
i never thought
such horrible acting existed
it was all just too funny .
the story behind the movie is decent
but the movie scene fail to portray them .
i have never seen such a stupid movie in my life
which is why it i think
its worth watching .
i give this movie 10/10
for being the most pathetic movie ever created ,
this movie seems like it was solely created to become trash .
i mean
the scene seem so fake
and the actor act like `` the camera is in front of them '' .
you will get a kick
just watching how lame this movie is ,
me and my friend could not stop making joke during the movie 
the darthvader guy
who tries to get the girl
got ran over not once but twice and the second time
he got ran over it sounded like he said
sh ! #
although he does not speak english lol .
if you watch this movie you will think to yourself
that all those other movie you did not like you
took for granted
they are way better than this .
this movie should be seen out of curiosity as well as what kind of movie define lame .
the evil serpent encountered the girl so many time
it was ridiculous ,
the evil serpent just roared and roared
and let her get away every time .
the evil serpent had so many chance
it was like god
was trying to say hurry up
and eat the girl
how many miracle do you want .
the transition between scene leaf
you wondering
did i miss something ?
so many plot hole from scene to scene .
i was laughing like crazy
when they decided to `` escape to mexico ''
to get away from the serpent .
hmmmm hopping the border will save you from a serpent from korea ?
interesting ... very interesting ... . i guess
hopping the border solves all problem .
another scene
that completely stupified me.. they met for the first time
and had a romantic scene at the beach
they kissed
and did not even know each other ...
the scene was so clich\u00e9d
and the was no substance at least in other movie
it might seem logical afterwhile but i mean they just met
even though they are reincarnation there
feeling were like
they instantly loved each other instead of it rather developing .
anyway this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eye
and seeing the light .
bad hollywood movie will seem like heaven
when compared to this .
in the end its worth watching
you wont get bored
you will be occupied criticizing every moment 
every scene in your head .
