before i give spike lee 's mess of a film summer of sam a well-deserved thrashing ,
i would like to make one thing clear .
i do not revile this film simply for its abundance of sleazy and unpleasant image .
what makes this film so unwatchable is the fact
that lee seems to believe
that summer of sam should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama .
the crime caper film of quentin tarantino 
for example 
are filled with violence 
profanity 
and other sleaze ,
but are nonetheless highly watchable
because tarantino does not attempt to pass these film off as socially redeeming work of art .
he knows
that such film are for entertainmant value only .
on the other hand 
serious dramas such as saving private ryan and schindler 's list are often unpleasant to watch ,
but the unpleasantness serve to develop the film 's plot and character 
with the end goal
of getting the audience emotionally
involved with the story and character onscreen .
summer of sam 
unfortunately 
merely wallows in its own sensationalism and sleaze ,
while believing
that it is serving as social commantary ,
much like other trash epic .summer of sam does not serve as a serious drama
because its character are merely cardboard-cutout stereotype .
its plot purport to show the emotional impact of the hysteria over the son of sam murder on the resident of the predominately italian-american north bronx neighborhood
where the murder ocurred .
however ,
instead of of presenting the local as a diverse mix of personality ,
lee simply wheels out every negative italian stereotype imaginable .
the man are ignorant 
lazy 
oversexed goombahs .
the woman are split between weak ,
complacent `` good girl ''
( mira sorvino 's dionna )
and promiscuous `` bad girl ''
( jennifer esposito 's ruby ) .
lee seems to vindictively wants to `` payback '' hollywood for their year of negative african-american stereotyping by wheeling out stereotype of his own ,
and few critic seem to care .
if martin scorsese 
for example ,
presented resident of an african-american neighborhood as a bunch of amos 'n andy and aunt jemima stereotype ,
critic would rightfully condemn such blatant stereotyping .
more importantly 
one-dimansional 
stereotypical character undermine any film
that attempts to be a serious social commantary.without exception ,
the cast of summer of sam is excellent .
however 
the acting 
for the most part 
is uninspired .
the cast is either just going through the motion ,
or they have little to work with scriptwise .
additionally 
there is notable miscasting .
comedian john leguizamo is very talented ,
but his vinny character seems to be a stale 
comedic impersonation of john travolta 's tony manero from saturday night fever .
and michael badalucco 
a perennial `` nice guy '' actor 
is badly miscast as serial killer david berkowitz ,
coming across as funny rather than frightening .
the only performance worth paying attention
to is adrien brody as the troubled 
but sincere 
neighborhood misfit ritchie .
the brody performance and the typically stylish lee cinematography are this film 's only virtue .
*1/2 out of ****
