first 
let me just comment on what i liked about the movie .
the special effect were fantastic ,
and very rarely did i feel
like i was watching a video game .
there ,
that is the last nice thing i have to say about this film .
in fact 
i would just like everyone
reading this to take note
that i can not even put into word how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing .
i have innumerable complaint about the film ,
but four major complaint jump to mind .
my first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the `` plot twist ''
( if you can call it
that
since most person probably saw it coming a mile away )
where lois 's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of superman .
when the crying super-child throw a piano at lex 's henchman to save his mother ,
i almost got up
and left the theater .
singer could have made a much better superman movie
without resorting to cheap gimmick like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child .
it is been 5 day since i saw the movie
and i still want to vomit .
my next major complaint has to do with the fact
that superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space .
it does not take comic book guy from the simpson to point out
what is wrong with that .
i do not know
how many comic book brian singer has read ,
but when superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite
he barely has the strength
to stay on his foot .
whoever had the idea
to have him fly a large island
made out of his greatest weakness into space
has no business
being associated with any superman-related project ever again .
the concept is as ridiculous
as making a dracula movie
where the title character has a stake through his heart
and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun .
why not just have superman eat kryptonite ?
he can eat it and then ush his tooth with it ,
and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas .
that is not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere
without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park
when he hits the ground .
my third major complaint has to do with the fact
that singer slap movie-goer across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie .
i have to take issue with his characterization of superman as the only son of a god-like jor-el sent
to earth to be a savior .
jor-el was not all-wise ,
he was just a scientist .
and he did not send his son to earth to be a savior ,
he threw him in a rocket
and hurriedly fired it into space
because his planet was about to explode .
i will buy the christ allegory
if brian singer can show me the part in the bible
where god sends christ to earth
because heaven was about to explode ,
and then radioactive piece of heaven become christ 's primary weakness .
furthermore 
the `` crucifixion '' scene
where luthor stabs superman in the side with a kryptonite `` spear ''
just makes me want to slam my face into a ick
until i am too ain-dead
to notice the azenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism
that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future .
they might as well rename this movie `` superman return :
the passion of the christ .
`` and speaking of luthor ,
my last major complaint has to do with singer 's depiction of lex luthor .
lex luthor is a shrewd 
cold-hearted business tycoon
who is more apt to run for president
( which he does in the comic )
than try to destroy the world .
the man wants money and power ;
he wants to be in charge ,
not wreck everything .
yet the luthor we see superman return ,
as well as all the previous superman movie 
is a wacky theatrical dunce
who comes up with zany scheme
to destroy the world .
if singer had the slightest loyalty to the character instead of the
( quite awful )
previous superman movie 
this film might not be such an unbearable travesty .
maybe singer 's next project can be a batman movie
where he focuses on the interpretation of batman from 1960s tv show .
zam !
whap !
pow !
! to summarize 
i do not know what i hate more 
the movie itself or the fact
that so many person seem to be giving it good review .
everyone is entitled to their opinion ,
but
if you do not hate this movie
then your opinion is wrong .
i sincerely encourage anyone
who reads this not to see this movie
if you have not already .
do not see it ,
do not buy it
when it comes out on dvd ,
do not rent
it ... basically do not contribute any money toward it in any way .
this movie does not deserve to make any money .
in fact 
i think
that for every person
that sees this movie ,
bryan singer should be fined 45 billion dollar .
if you are a superman fan
and you really want to see this movie ,
just bend over
and have someone kick you in the ball
and you will get the same experience
without having to waste 2 hour of your time .
