comedy often have the unfortunate reputation
of having little real depth .
arm and the man 
proves
that notion to be false .
shaw 's play is full of comedic drama ,
combining an entertaining plot with true philosophical depth.on one level ,
arm and the man is a successful 
and somewhat unique 
romantic comedy .
the young 
melodramatic 
and superficial raina comes from a military family deeply
involved in a war ;
her fianc\u00e9 and her father are both military officer .
she is shocked 
one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier .
she rescues him ,
knowing
that she will have to keep the incident a secret from her family forever ,
and the soldier eventually leaves .
of course 
once the war is over ,
that soldier comes back ,
forcing each of the primary character to reevaluate their value
and their relationships.it is quite interesting
how shaw layer meaning within the rather standard comedic plot .
shaw manage to comment on class construct 
on the absurdity of war 
and even on the nature of love .
and 
of course 
he does this with the shavian wit and within a satisfying plot .
there is so much here
to think
about that i think
a lot can be missed in a single viewing .
arm and the man is excellent comedic theater
and is definitely one of shaw 's best work .
`` arm and the man '' is both an amusing and thought-provoking movie
that retains its relevance even today 
more than a century
after it was first conceived .
shaw mock at the popular theory on war and love and combines a military satire with a taunt on love and family structure .
the play has flashing wit 
buoyant humor and bitter sarcasm .
a good example of shaw 's dialog is the statement by captain bluntschli to serguis :
`` i am a professional soldier :
i fight
when i have to ,
and am very glad to get out of it
when i have not to .
you are only an amateur ;
you think
fighting is an amusement '' .
indeed as a swiss hotel-keeper 's son ,
bluntschli had no reason to be involved in war
and it is in this absurdity that shaw question patriotic sentiment .
shaw explores the whole concept of war and the military from both side of the struggle and in the end shows
that the feeling in both camp are not that different.the dialog and sarcasm used towards the common notion of life are entangled with a gentle assurance of the movement of the story towards a fairytale ending .
the end
where all character
are rendered happy and lover change
and love shift is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy .
this is a movie
that sustains its image of possessing a universal appeal
and is still appropriate today
when the concept of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically .
shaw 's `` arm and the man '' should maintain its relevance
as long as there is love and war .
