granting the budget and time constraint of serial production ,
batman and robin nonetheless earns a place near the bottom of any `` cliffhanger '' list ,
utterly lacking the style 
imagination ,
and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor 
batman.the producer 
sam katzman 
was known as `` king of the quickie ''
and 
like his director 
spencer bennett 
seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with generating excitement .
( unfortunately 
this team also produced the two superman serial 
starring kirk alyn 
with their tacky flying animation 
canned music 
and dull supporting player . )
the opening of each chapter offers a taste of thing
to come :
thoroughly inane title
( `` robin rescue batman 
'' `` batman vs wizard '' ) ,
mechanical music droning on 
and our two hero stumbling toward the camera
looking all around ,
either confused or having trouble
seeing through their cheap halloween mask .
batman 's cowl 
with its devil 's horn and eagle 's beak 
fits so poorly
that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scene .
his `` utility belt '' is a crumpled strip of cloth with no compartment ,
from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and an oxygen tube at critical moment ! in any case ,
the lead player are miscast .
robert lowery display little charm or individual flair as bruce wayne ,
and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure as batman .
he creates the impression
that he had rather be somewhere 
anywhere else !
john duncan 
as robin 
has considerable difficulty
handling his limited dialogue .
he is too old for the part 
with an even older stuntman filling in for him .
out of costume 
lowery and duncan are as exciting
as tired businessman ambling out for a drink ,
without one ounce of the chemistry evident between lewis wilson and douglas croft in the 1943 serial.although serial were not known for character development ,
the earlier batman managed to present a more energetic cast .
this one offers a group going through the motion ,
not that the filmmaker provide much support .
not one of the hoodlum stands out ,
and they are led by one of the most boring villain ever 
`` the wizard . ''
( great name ! )
actually 
they are led by someone sporting a curtain 
a shawl 
and a sack over his head 
with a dubbed voice
that desperately tries to sound menacing .
the `` prime suspect ''
-- an eccentric professor 
a radio oadcaster --
are simply annoying.even the established comic book `` regular ''
are superfluous .
it is hard to discern much romance between vicki vale and bruce wayne .
despite the peril
she faces ,
vicki display virtually no emotion .
commissioner gordon is none-too-ight .
unlike in the previous serial 
alfred the butler is a mere walk-on
whose most important line is `` mr wayne 's residence . ''
they are prop for a drawn-out 
gimmick-laden 
incoherent plot ,
further saddled with uninspired 
repetitive music and amateurish production design .
the wayne manor exterior resembles a suburban middle-class home in any sitcom 
the interior those of a cheap roadside motel .
the batcave is an office desperately in need of refurbishing .
( the costume are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet !
) pity that the filmmaker could not invest more effort
into creating a thrilling adventure .
while the availability of the two serial on dvd is a plus for any serious `` batfan 
''
one should not be fooled by the excellent illustration on the box .
they capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all 15 chapter of batman and robin combined.now for the good news
-- this is not the 1997 version !
