although i do not usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this ,
i happened to catch the 1994 version of angel in the outfield
( aito )
on cable one saturday morning just as it was starting .
being an adrien brody fan ,
i was curious to see what brody was like as a youth of 21
( 20
when he filmed it 
i suppose )
in this early role as danny hemmerling 
utility infielder for the california angel
( in the 1951 original ,
the hard-luck baseball team was the pittsburgh pirate .
the name change is a nice touch ,
since it turns the title into wordplay ) .
i decided to give the flick a chance ,
and it turned out to be a pretty painless 
even amiable experience 
with a decent balance of laugh 
tear 
sweetness 
and baseball-based excitement .
also 
my 7-year-old daughter liked the angel effect !
: - )
directed by mike nesmith 's frequent collaborator william dear ,
aito is the story of roger
( joseph gordon-levitt ) ,
a foster child
who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-well dad
( the convincingly sleazy dermot mulroney )
sarcastically says
they will be a family again
once the last-place california angel win the pennant .
soon roger starts seeing real angel at the angel ' game ,
led by christopher lloyd ,
whose usual zany 
eccentric irreverence keep aito from plummeting irretrievably into the schmaltz zone .
crusty manager george knox
( danny glover in world-weary 
exasperated mode )
is a hard sell ,
but once the team starts winning ,
he believes roger 's angel sighting ,
and soon knox has roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid j.p.
( the adorable milton davis jr. )
at every angel game for good luck .
knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outburst and profane language ,
as much to appease the angel as for the kid ' sake ,
resulting in a funny bit
when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way
but starts editing himself
as he goes along .
predictable obstacle ensue 
such as obnoxious sportcaster ranch wilder
( jay o. sander )
trying to make trouble for knox
because of the angel angle .
sure 
it all works out fine for our hero in the end ,
but they are so darn amiable you do not mind !
: - )
baby-faced brody has a couple of good line
( i especially like his exchange with glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem at a ballgame )
as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulder
before he goes up to bat .
brody is not the only future star in aito 's lineup :
his teammate include matthew mcconaughey and neal mcdonough 
and of course 
young gordon-levitt went on to co-star in tv 's 3rd rock from the sun as well as such film
as 10 thing i hate about you .
the always-amusing taylor negron and oscar winner
( but not for this film :
- )
brenda fricker and ben johnson lend able support .
if you are a baseball fan
who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kid and check out some notable young actor
before they became star ,
aito '94 will do nicely .
