i am intrigued by the strong sense of favour toward
( or sympathy for ! )
sinatra in the other review here .
i have read elsewhere
that sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for *not* being cast as sky masterson.ok ,
so who would not want to be cast as sky masterson ?
\u0096 it is a great part :
the charismatic successful gambler
who makes a grave mistake
when he allows himself to be suckered into a bet ,
in which he must take salvation army sargeant sarah brown on a date to cuba 
or lose .
it is not the money \u0096
it is the pride ,
but he and she meet their match .
meanwhile nathan detroit must juggle his long-suffering fianc\u00e9e adelaide with trying to find a spot for a crap game
which will make him rich
if it does not alienate his fianc\u00e9e forever first.the film started life as a series of short story by damon runyon :
that is his unique dialogue you hear ,
and those are his great character name ,
and that is his horse-racing/nightclub/late night gambling world .
then it became a musical ,
and you can not help but feel
that in film form it never really left the stage .
the camera is unusually static
and the set remarkably \u0096 and not pleasingly \u0096 flat and childlike .
fortunately the music is so great ,
i do not care
that much.my absolute favourite thing about this film 
though 
is the singing and acting of the two non-singer 
brando
( as sky )
and jean simmon
( as sargeant sarah brown ) .
of course ,
putting pro singer into these role
would have produced better music ;
but what surely gets forgotten is that two such excellent actor ought something else to the party instead :
what they lacked in vocal talent
they more than made up for in gusto 
acting ability 
and pathos 
pathos 
pathos .
you are with sky
as he argues with sarah against reason 
steadiness 
pipe and safety .
you enjoy sarah 's loosening up under the influence of cuban `` milk '' .
you feel completely the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with bell ringing and an hour
to go
before the plane takes them home .
as sky rightly says ,
it is `` chemistry '' .
pro singer \u0096 be they broadway belter or smooth crooner \u0096 can not necessarily be relied on to make this happen .
( and they certainly did not . )
i read somewhere
that brando criticised sinatra for not putting all of himself into his role of nathan detroit .
sinatra in turn was infuriated by brando 's four-take acting method .
as a brando fan
( does it show ? ! )
i am bound to take the other side ,
but i can not imagine that this film would have been the much-adored classic
it is today
if brando and simmon had not been in it with their wonderful chemistry ; brando 's unpredictability ; simmon ' face 
all pink cheek and own hair 
drunk and ashamed in a cuban bar .
beautiful .
i will always want a copy of this film
lying around in case i
need to feel good again .
you will forgive me
if give some of the nathan
( sleep )
talking part the 100 % ush-off though ,
will not you ?
you will not ?
oh 
be quiet
and have some more of mindy 's cheesecake !
