it is noteworthy
that mine is only the third review of this film 
wherea `patton- lust for glory ' 
producer frank mccarthy 's earlier biography of a controversial american general from the second world war 
has to date attracted nearly a hundred commant .
like a previous reviewer 
i am intrigued
by why one film should have received so much more attention than the other.one difference between the two film is that `patton ' is more focused ,
concentrating on a relatively short period at and immediately after the end of the second world war 
wherea `macarthur ' cover not only this war but also its subject 's role in the korean war 
as well as his period as american governor of occupied japan during the interlude.the main difference 
however 
lies in the way
the two leader are played .
gregory peck dominates this film even more than george c. scott dominated `patton ' .
wherea scott had another major star 
karl malden ,
playing opposite him as general bradley ,
none of the other actor in `macarthur ' are household name 
at least for their film work .
scott 
of course 
portrayed patton as aggressive and fiery-tempered 
a man
who at time was at war with the rest of the human race ,
not just with the enemy .
i suspect
that in real life general macarthur was as volcanic an individual as patton ,
but that is not how he appears in this film .
peck 's macarthur is of a more reflective 
thoughtful bent ,
comparable to the liberal intellectual
he played in some of his other film .
at time 
he even seems to be a man of the political left .
much of his speech on the occasion of the japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid-up member of cnd ,
and his policy for reforming japanese society during the american occupation have a semi-socialist air to them .
in an attempt
to show something of macarthur 's gift for inspiring leaderhip ,
peck makes him a fine speaker ,
but his speech always seem to owe more to the studied trick of the practised rhetorician than to any fire in the heart .
it is as if atticus finch from `to kill a mockingbird ' had put on a general 's uniform.wherea scott attempted a `wart and all ' portrait of patton ,
the criticism has been made that `macarthur ' attempt to gloss over some of its subject 's less attractive quality .
i think
that this criticism is a fair one 
particularly as far
as the korean war is concerned .
the film gives the impression
that macarthur was a illiant general
who dared stand up to interfering 
militarily ignorant politician
who did not know how to fight the war
and was sacked for his pain
when victory was within his grasp .
many historian 
of course 
feel
that truman was forced to sack macarthur
because the latter 's conduct was becoming a risk to world peace ,
and had no choice but to accept a stalemate
because stalin would not have allowed his chinese ally to be humiliated .
even during the korean scene 
peck 's macarthur comes across as more idealistic than his real-life original probably was ;
we see little of his rashness and naivety about political matter .
( truman 's remark `he knows as much about politic as a pig knows about sunday ' was said about eisenhower ,
but it could equally well have been applied to macarthur 's approach to international diplomacy ) .
perhaps the film 's attempt to paint out some of macarthur 's wart reflects the period
in which it was made .
the late seventy 
after the twin traumas of vietnam and watergate 
was a difficult time for america ,
and a public looking for reassurance might have welcomed a reassuringly heroic depiction of a military figure from the previous generation .
another criticism i would make of the film
is that it falls between two stool .
if it was intended to be a full biography of macarthur ,
something should have been shown of his early life ,
which is not covered at all .
( the first we see of the general is
when he is leading the american resistance to the japanese invasion of the philippine ) .
one theme
that runs throughout the film
is the influence of general macarthur 's father ,
himself a military hero .
i would have liked to see what sort of man arthur macarthur was ,
and just why his son considered him to be such a hero and role model .
another interesting way
of making the film would have been to concentrate on korea and on macarthur 's clash with truman 
with equal prominence
given to the two man and with actor of similar stature
playing them .
the way
in which the film actually was made seemed to me to be less interesting than either of these alternative approaches.it would be wrong 
however ,
to give the impression
that i disliked the film altogether .
although i may not have agreed with peck 's interpretation of the main role ,
there is no denying
that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness .
the film as a whole is a good example of a solid 
workmanlike biopic 
thoughtful and informative .
it is a good film ,
but one that could have been a better one .
7/10.on a pedantic note 
the map
which macarthur
is shown using during the korean war shows the dmz 
the boundary between the two korean state
that did not come into existence until after the war .
( the pre-war boundary was the 38th parallel ) .
also 
i think
that macarthur was referring to the `tocsin ' of war .
war may be toxic ,
but it is difficult to listen with thirsty ear for a toxin .
