i never understood why some person dislike bollywood film :
they have got charismatic actor 
great dance number 
and heightened emotion
-- what is not to like ?
what i did not realize
was that i had only seen the upper-crust of bollywood .
then i watched `` garam masala '' .
i could tell from the first scene
that this was not a movie i
was going to like
( the film opens with a montage of the two lead driving around a city
and apparently happening serendipitously on a series of photo setup populated with gyrating model ) ,
but i kept hoping
thing would improve .
sadly 
they did not .
the main problem is that the two protagonist 
mac and sam 
are completely unsympathetic .
they spend the entire movie
lying to woman
-- and lying utally- -in order to get them into bed ,
and the audience is supposed to find this funny ,
and be charmed .
the boy are unscrupulous and inept ,
and not in a lovable way .
mac even goes so far as to have one of the woman drugged
in order to keep her from discovering his cheating .
the script is extremely poor 
with repetitive scene 
setup
that never lead to anything ,
and illogical action and statement by the character .
in fact 
the character are never really developed at all .
the male are boorish 
greedy jerk ,
and the woman merely interchangeably beautiful .
if you go by this movie ,
you would think
that `` air hostess '' are pretty easy to pass from man to man .
in reality 
betrayal is not so humorous .
the only ight spot i
found in the movie
were one dance number
that had illiant set ,
and a few slapsticky moment
involving the french-farce ,
door-slamming aspect of the story .
but bollywood dancing is better enjoyed in movie choreographed by farah khan ,
and for slapstick you might as well just go straight to the silent comedy of buster keaton and harold lloyd ,
who seem to have influenced writer/director priyadarshan not a little .
priyadarshan also takes false credit
for inventing the story :
the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 play `` boeing boeing . ''
the original author of that work 
marc camoletti 
is credited nowhere .
at least priyadarshan changed the title for this remake ,
rather than azenly using the original
without giving credit ,
as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale .
( according to imdb 's credit list . )
