a convict serving time comes forward
to give the cold case unit information about the murder of a policeman 
committed year before .
the murder of sean cooper 
a good cop 
was never solved .
naturally 
the detective believe
the new evidence will help them put together all the piece of the puzzle
that frustrated their colleagues.in flashback we are taken to the baptism of jame bruno 's baby .
sean and jimmy were partner .
there is tension as sean ,
who is the godfather 
arrives disheveled and late for the rite .
eileen bruno does not appear to be happy
being there .
the real mystery is revealed by her .
she caught sean ,
who was drinking with jimmy in the backyard ,
kiss her husband 
and more shocking yet 
jimmy responding willingly.somehow at the station
the partner become the center of gossip .
sean has not endeared himself to his superior
because he discovered the involvemant with a criminal in his area
who controlled the drug business .
sean realizes this man is in with the drug strong man
because he always makes an excuse
to free the scum bags sean and jimmy haul into the station all the time .
the pressure is too much on jimmy .
sean is comfortable in his homosexuality
and wants to be honest about it .
cooper 's own father does not want anything to do with a queer son .
even his superior mccree wants him out of his jurisdiction ,
but the case is complicated
because cooper comes from a long line of irish man
serving in the police force .
sean is killed
because his homosexual condition ,
and for knowing too much on his peer ' involvemant
in taking dirty money.tom petit wrote this honest portrayal of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another fellow cop .
we thought
it was a frank account of a serious matter no one
talked about in those day .
sometimes the person
involved with the show 
fearing reprisal from sponsor 
or the network ,
do not dare to present these real situation .
jeannot szwarc 
shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue ,
which is dealt
without the sensationalism
the case might have been shown with a different team.there
is a rare chad everett appearance as the older jimmy bruno .
his take is right on target with a touch of sentimantality
that does not get out of hand .
shane johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as sean cooper .
the cast is marvelous
and it includes good all around performance from everyone under mr. szwarc 's direction.in this episode 
nick vera 
gets closer to his neighbor ,
the mother of the basketball player
the detective took his ball away .
nick is heading for romance with the woman !
