oftentime 
film of this nature come across as a mixed bag of great work along with slight drivel
to fill the runtime .
whether it be the big name support or the project itself ,
paris je t'aime never falls into this realm .
i believe
i can truly say
that the movie as a whole is better than its part .
between the wonderful transition and the fantastic ending sequence 
merging character together in one last view of love in paris ,
i think
the film would have suffered
if any cog was removed .
true 
there are definitely a few standout
that overshadow the rest ,
but in the end i have a lasting image ,
even if just a split second of each short vignette .
love takes many form ,
and the talent here rises to the occasion 
to surprise
and move the audience through shear poetry and elegance of the emotion 's many facets.quartier de enfant rouge :
maggie gyllenhaal surprise as a drug-addled actress shooting in paris and meeting with her dealer .
the reveal at its conclusion leaves you a bit off balance as the infatuation between the two change hands.quatier latin :
ben gazzara and gena rowland
( recreating a relationship from an old cassavette film ? )
ing some great sharp wit and sarcasm
as they meet to discuss their impending divorce .
what of their conversation is true
and what is just to anger the other ,
it is all enjoyable ,
leaving a smile on your face.quais de seine :
director gurinder chadha gives us a touching portrait of love existing beyond religious and racial difference .
it is a sweet little story of shy love between two person obviously feeling a connection ,
but unable to quite vocalize it.tour eiffel :
i will admit to being disappointed
that sylvain chomet did not get an animated sequence together 
however ,
this live action tale of mime falling in love at a paris jail
has the same quirky nature as his film les triplettes de belleville.tuilery :
the coen brother stick to their strange sense of humor and deliver some fine laugh .
steve buscemi really shine
and sells the performance
without speaking a word .
his facial reaction to the verbal abuse of a disgruntled frenchman are priceless.bastille :
here is a hearteaking portrait of a couple about out of love
only to have it come back in the face of tragedy .
sergio castellitto and miranda richardson a moving as the couple dealing with trouble
and finding
how strong the bond of true love is.p\u00e9re-lachaise :
a surprisingly funny little tale from horror master wes craven .
a little oscar wilde humor can add levity to any relationship.parc monceau :
alfonso cuar\u00f3n looks to be practicing the amazing long-take
he perfects in child of man with this tale of two person in love ,
walking down the street .
as nick nolte and ludivine sagnier eventually come into close-up view ,
we also find the true context of their conversation of `` forbidden love .
`` porte de choisy :
a very surreal look into the glamour of paris .
this is probably the most odd entry ,
but so intriguing
that you can not look away from the craziness that ensue .
do not anger your asian beautician ,
whatever you do.pigalle :
an interesting look at a relationship
undergoing a role-play
that seems to have been stagnant for year .
a little variety from bob hoskin is necessary to fire kindled.quartier de la madeleine :
even vampire in paris can find love amongst the feeding hour .
i do not know whether to be happy for elijah wood as a result or not .
beautifully shot and muted
to allow the viancy of the blood red ,
this short is strange ,
but then so is love.14th arrondissemant :
leave it to alexander payne 's odd sense of humor
to really add some depth to this voice-over story told of an american in paris
to find what love is .
her harsh 
uneducated french is a very stark contrast to the authentic accent
we have been listening to until this point\u0097just off-kilter enough
to be both funny and totally true to the story.montmartre :
an interesting introduction into the proceedings .
paris can be a city reviled for everyday activity
like finding a parking spot ,
yet
when love is discovered ,
it will take its prisoner anywhere
to continue the journey.loin du 16\u00e9me :
catalina sandino moreno illiantly shows
what love for a child is through her subtle performance
as the tale is bookended by her singing to a young child ,
yet totally different each time.place de fete :
my favorite tale of the bunch .
seydou boro and a\u00efssa ma\u00efga are simply fantastic .
the cyclical nature of the story and how fate ings the two character together twice
in order for boro
to finally ask her for coffee is tough to watch .
sometimes love at your final momant is enough
to accept one 's leaving of this earth.place de victoire :
one of the best story about a mother
trying to cope with the death of her young son .
juliette binoche is devastating as the mother 
deperate for one last glimpse of her son ,
and willem dafoe is oddly perfect as the cowboy
who allows her the chance.faubourg saint-denis :
sometimes one needs
to think
he has lost love to accept
that he has not been fully invested in the relationship .
melchior beslon reminisce ,
trying to find
where they went wrong through a series of sharp 
quick cut from his meeting natalie portman
to eventually `` seeing ''
how much he needs her.le marais :
leave it to gus van sant
to show us a story about the gap in communication
and understanding as his film almost always deal with some form of alienation .
his photographer from elephant is an american working in paris
who is the catalyst for gaspard ulliel 's artist rambling of love and soul mate .
sometimes one does not need to know what is being said to understand what is going on in the pause .
