way back when 
the x-file was an intelligent 
thought-provoking show .
a big part of its appeal was
that the writer looked to folklore and science for their idea ,
tying the plot to the spooky side of real life.i was incredibly wary of the 8th season
when it aired .
the show had already provided two perfectly good episode
to bow out on
( `` one son '' and `` requiem '' ) ,
and the 7th season had seen a sharp rise in episode
that scraped the barrel for idea
that were far-fetched 
implausible 
or downright silly .
but i figured 
hey 
give it the benefit of a doubt ,
maybe they are inging it back
because they have got some great idea lined up .
`` roadrunner '' really was upsetting .
following `` patience '' ,
which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore
that the show had done well to avoid ,
the episode sees a strange
( alien ? )
parasitic slug with the power of mind control worshipped by a cult of backwood christian .
oh ,
and they think
it is the second coming of christ ,
but you only find that out in the last couple of minute .
seriously .
there is never *any* attempt to make sense of this ,
to explain what the slug is ,
why anything
that is happening
is happening 
or anything .
even in the show 's early year - in fact 
*especially* then - you could expect a little bit more depth 
a bit of background 
or if
not that then the opposite - a bit of mystery ,
some uncertainty about what this was all about .
it is scully that really kills it though .
you could put up with the silliness of the premise ,
but to have a character
who has been developed over a good 7 year
as a rational skeptic transformed into a gullible maverick purely for the sake of advancing the plot is bizarre to watch .
you feel
like you are watching some godawful teen horror ,
except that it is a woman well into her thirty throwing
herself into the kind of creepy isolated community
that she is spent the best part of a decade uncovering the sinister underbelly of ,
being either outwitted by very stereotypical hick or utterly indifferent to her own safety .
oh 
and by the way 
doggett 
the new mudler 
is not around .
scully just wandered off into the desert
to look into a utal murder on her own
without him .
he shows up at the end
to save the day -
i can not even remember why - but apart from that ,
he is not really in it .
again :
seriously.in short 
it feels like either a generic script
written for another show 
or someone 's pet movie project
which they have
been allowed to shove like a mutant leech into the spine of an existing ,
long-running show at a time
when it was at its most vulnerable .
it might 've worked on a lesser show ,
where the character are more archetypal and the audience expects less .
but the x-file had a good thing going ,
and scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic tv character of the 90s .
deciding
that you are going to change her personality for the sake of a story
that they must 've done on star trek a good fifty or so time is pointless .
