i saw this film at the adelaide film festival '07
and was thoroughly intrigued for all 106 minute .
i like documentary 
but often find them dragging with about 25 minute to go .
forbidden lie $ powered on though ,
never losing my interest.the film 's subject is norma khoury 
a jordanian woman
who found fame and fortune in 2001 with the publication of her book forbidden love 
a biographical story of sort
concerning a muslim friend of her
who was murdered by her family
for having a relationship with a christian man .
a few year later though 
a few journalist started poking hole in the story ,
leading the public
to believe
it was fraud .
the film covers this quickly but thoroughly in the beginning ,
and from there we spend most of our time in the company of norma
as she tries to convince us
that her novel is more than fiction.director anna broinowski has found a truly fascinating woman to study ,
and she conducts endless interview with khoury
as she seeks the truth .
as always in life ,
the truth is not so easy to find .
norma fear for her life ,
worried about violent backlash over the unsavoury portrait her novel paint of jordanian muslim .
she refuse to return to jordan and show us the fact .
broinowski is not deterred however ,
and slowly puts the piece together in front of us.the result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist .
naturally ,
what we find there makes little sense and is extremely difficult to follow ,
and ultimately we do not know whether to believe norma or not .
she is either a rather unfairly put-upon woman
trying to survive 
or a fantastic spinster .
the web of ly 
truth and half-truth
she turns
through the film
is illiant.the film use much interview footage 
as well as dramatisation
to tell it is story ,
and broinowski use these dramatisation
to show us
why
person like norma are able to exist :
we want to be conned .
we go to the cinema every day
and allow ourself to believe
what is happening on the screen is real .
that might just be me reading into thing a bit too much ,
it did not come up in the qanda with brionowski after the film ,
but that is what i took away from it.this is a great australian film ,
and must receive an international release 
and a swag of award
if you ask me .
certainly the best film i saw at aff07.go see it ,
if you get the chance .
