this review contains spoiler for those
who are not aware of the detail of the true story
on which this movie is based.the right
to be presumed
`` innocent until proven guilty '' is a basic entitlement of anyone in a civilised society ;
but according to fred schepisi 's partisan but sadly convincing story of a famous australian murder trial ,
it was not granted to lindy chamberlain ,
accused of killing her baby .
the story suggesting
her innocence was unlikely
( a dingo was alleged
to have taken it ) ,
but those implying her guilt even more so ,
and there was no solid evidence against her .
but the australian public was transfixed by the possibility of her guilt ,
and the deeply religious chamberlain appeared creepy
when appearing in the medium
( and the medium themselves 
of course 
were anything but innocent in this process ) .
so although cleared by an initial inquest ,
they were later prosecuted and convicted .
although chamberlain was eventually released ,
this shamefully only followed the discovery of new evidence
`` proving '' their innocence ,
something no defendant should have to produce .
'a cry in the dark ' is well acted throughout 
especially by meryl streep ,
who puts on a convincing australian accent
( at least to this pom 's ears )
and manages keep lindy sympathetic
( to us )
while still conveying how she managed to become a national hate figure .
the scene
where she actually gets imprisoned
are simple but hearteaking ,
because we believe in the character as real .
regardless of the accuracy of its portrayal of this story
( something i can not comment on ) ,
the wider theme of this film will ring horribly true to anyone with a passing knowledge of the british popular press and its ruthless habit of appealing directly to their readership 's least charitable instinct .
no legal system will ever be perfect ;
but the current cry against asylum seeker in contemporary british tabloid comes from exactly the same pit of evil as the voice
that put lindy chamberlain away .
i am not a religious man ,
but the bible still contains some killer line
( if you will excuse the pun ) .
`` judge not lest ye be judged ''
is one of them .
