this 1934 adaptation of somerset maugham 's novel put bette davis on the map as a movie actress .
she might have won an academy award for her performance
but the film was made on loan ,
so her studio did not push for her .
her acting in this one does not come off well by today 's standard .
as the heartless waitress
who jerks philip 
a sensitive medical student 
around and nearly ruins his life ,
davis is way too shrill 
almost demonic .
director john cromwell ,
who usually elicited good performance from his actress ,
was perhaps overwhelmed by this one .
davis is watchable 
for sure 
but so strident and predatory as to seem scarcely human .
i imagine the character of millie as quieter 
less feminine than davis 
with maybe a touch of the tomboy .
davis is such a strong ,
immediate presence
that is there is no air of mystery to her ,
which makes philip 's attraction to her seem more overtly masochistic
than it should be.as philip ,
leslie howard is excellent .
his wan 
somewhat wilted good look are perfect for this failed aesthete .
nor does he impose a personal interpretation on the part ,
as 
say ,
dirk bogarde might have done ,
which gives his work a rare clarity .
he seems completely in control here ,
as he should be ,
playing a man with a rational intellect
who is in the grip of irrational emotion
he can not manage or even fully satisfy ,
as the object of his affection moves him in way
he can not understand .
howard was a fine actor 
too often cast in standard romantic part
which compelled him to fall back on charm ,
which
he does not use here.it
is been so long since i have read the book i do not feel comfortable
commenting on the movie 's faithfulness to it .
i think
it captures the spirit of the story well enough ,
and that it has in howard a perfect philip carey .
the sexual undercurrent are muted ,
and at time philip behave so masochistically
that in the absence of strong sex feeling makes one wonder about the character 's sanity ,
surely not mr. maugham 's intention .
thank to howard 's performance 
philip remains firmly in focus ,
as one can see in his various response to and yearning for millie the extreme
to which a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational 
in himself and in other .
overall 
a very good film 
a little stilted at time 
due to its age ,
it evokes london nicely ,
and is well acted for the most part .
