well this movie actually made me feel
so strongly
that i signed up for an imdb account just to warn person .
it is patently awful ! !
nothing makes sense in this movie .
there is way too many subplot for a start .
josh hartnett 's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor as well as a cop
who seems to be living way beyond his mean and only teach yoga to hot girl
( some of whom wait naked in his jacuzzi
for when he comes back from work ) .
add to that the fact
that his dad was killed by a crooked cop
who just so happens to be in on the current crime
being investigated by the hapless duo .
harrison ford 's character is trying to sell real estate on the side
and is sleeping with the internal affair investigator 's ex-wife
who happens to run a psychic radio show
which ford 's character calls from time to time .
nonsense !
! i can not remember the character name
( that is how forgettable this is )
so i will refer to them as ford and hartnett.then there is the dialogue
which is utal .
i mean cringe-inducing stuff here .
throw in every clich\u00e9 in the book
( having a heart-to-heart in a dark bar during the day over a drink
where the bartender knows his name ;
the duo being investigated by internal affair
( why ? ?
) ; hartnett confronting his dad 's killer )
and you have got one hell of a mess.as i mentioned
the plot is preposterous
and continuity is non-existent :
1 )
when ford 's car is being repossessed ,
how the hell did the repo guy know
where it would be parked ?
were they following him ? ?
2 )
when hartnett goes to the morgue
and it just so happens
that the only clue from the crime scene
( an earring )
is replicated on of the charred body there
( that was lucky ! )
3 )
when the two are arrested
and taken in for questioning - ford keeps answering his phone and hartnett `` center himself '' with a yoga pose on the table .
instead of taking the phone from ford the ia guy wait for it to ring each time
and then try to grab it off the table
before ford does .
meanwhile the female ia officer in with hartnett is rubbing herself all over him .
then 
inexplicably 
the two are released
without answering any question .
4 )
during the car chase hartnett 's car is crashing
and smashing its way around hollywood
but then suddenly the car is perfect again .
not a scratch !
5 )
when ford chases the bad guy into the building
and he gets in the elevator how the hell does
he know
which floor the bad guy got off at ? ?
6 )
when the two are chasing the bad guy around in hartnett 's car ,
ford is trying to close a real estate deal .
come on !
7 ) the bad guy is the most unconvincing record exec ever .
his motivation for killing an aspiring group of rapper on his label ?
they might leave his label
and it is a warning
to keep his other group loyal .
but hang on ,
how is he ever going to sign anyone new with that business plan ? ?
8 ) why is the ia guy
who is investigating ford arrested in the end ?
there is no explication ! !
9 )
and hartnett gets to use his `` acting ''
to capture the bad guy in the end.i could go on ,
i really could .
anyone
who is looking deeper into this movie than a straight up action comedy needs their head examined
because that is all it is .
there is nothing else to it !
it is not supposed to be satirical or ironic .
it is just crap .
