after reading the other tepid review and comment ,
i felt i had to come to bat for this movie.roeg 's film tend to have little to do with one another ,
and expecting this one
to be like one of his you liked is probably off the mark.what this film
is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith .
the only other film like it-in term of its religious message-would have to be tolkin 's `the rapture .
'i am astonished
that anyone could say
the story is muddled or supernatural .
it is a simple movie about catholic faith 
miracle 
and redemption
-- though you would never guess it till the end .
it is also the only movie i can think
of whose resolution turns 
literally 
on a pun.as a
( happily )
fallen catholic myself ,
i know
what the movie is about ,
and i find a sort of fondness in its ultimate innocence about the relation between god and man .
but if you are not familiar with the kind of theology
on which the film is based ,
then it will go right
over you head.as a film-as
opposed to a story-`cold heaven '
it is not ground-eaking .
while `the rapture ' is heavy with pictorial significance and cinematic imagery 
`cold heaven ' downplays its own cinematic quality .
there are no
striking shot 
no edgy effect 
no attempt to fit the content to the form .
it is workmanlike shooting 
but subdued .
nor does it have dialogue or acting to put it in a class of high drama .
it is a simple story
that unfolds simply .
it may seem odd ;
but at the end the mystery is revealed .
it looks ambiguous ;
but with a single line the ambiguity vanish in a puff of catholic dogma.in this regard 
`cold heaven ' has at its heart exactly the same sort of thing
that drives a movie like `the sting 
' or `the sixth sense 
' or `final descent 
' or polanski 's `a pure formality . '
all of these are film with a trick up their sleeve .
they may frustrate you along the way ,
but they have a point-an obvious one 
indeed
-- but the fun is 
at least in part ,
in having been taken in.still ,
even if it seems like little more than a shaggy dog story with a punch line ,
it is worth watching for way it directs-and misdirects-you .
try it-especially
if you are ,
or have ever been 
a catholic .
