1975 's master of the flying guillotine is an amazing and wonderful film to watch .
this is not because the fighting is particularly inspired
or because the film makes any sense at all .
it is because the film is so silly
and so over-the-top
that it is a camp classic
-- bad 
but enjoyably bad .
the film stars a blind guy
who has a frisbee-like device on a chain
that chops off person 's head
as he expertly throws this at his fo !
who cares
that the physic are impossible or that the film feature such silly thing as fighter with 12 foot long papier-mache arm
or that the guy was blind !
it is just a ball
to watch from start to finish
-- and one of my favorite `` bad '' film and great to see with friends.because of this film ,
i was eager to see the fatal flying guillotine
( 1977 ) ,
though sadly it turned out not to be a sequel but a bit of a knock-off
-- taking many of the idea from the original but neglecting
to make the film as coherent or watchable .
sure 
it is silly fun ,
but it never comes close to master of the flying guillotine in entertainment value .
like the original film 
there are these weird flying device
that sever head 
but they are quite different
-- with circular saw blade and almost a mind of their own .
there also is no blind guy
but instead are a bunch of baddy
who really have no depth
nor does the audience understand
exactly what is occurring in this english-dubbed version ,
as the plot is completely incomprehensible .
however 
at the same time 
some of the martial art action is very good .
while not up to the high standard of most bruce lee or sonny chiba film ,
the action is worthwhile
despite the ludicrous
and often confusing plot.overall ,
this is a film
that martial art fan may like
( despite its many 
many 
many 
many shortcoming ) ,
but also one
that other will probably turn off or laugh hysterically at instead of enjoying the action
because the film is just so ludicrous .
but 
most importantly 
it never comes close to being as funny or watchable as master of the flying guillotine .
too bad .
