we are a long way from laura .
once again otto preminger direct 
dana andrew star as a police detective
named mark ,
and gene tierney is the beautiful woman
who haunts him ,
but nothing else about where the sidewalk ends resembles everyone 's favorite sophisticated murder mystery .
instead of deliciously quotable dialogue we get gritty ,
harrowing realism .
while the earlier film took place in the ritzy upper echelon of new york society ,
here we are in the low-rent district of dark street 
hoodlum 
cheap restaurant and crummy flat .
tierney 
gorgeous as ever 
now works as a department-store mannequin and life in washington height
( the neighborhood of the `` doll ''
who once got a fox fur out of laura 's mark mcpherson ) .
this time andrew is mark dixon 
an older 
sadder 
more troubled version of the cool cop in a trench coat .
where the sidewalk ends belong to a sub-genre of noir ,
movie about police utality
focusing on cop
who can not control their violent impulse .
like kirk douglas 's character in detective story ,
dixon owes his seething contempt for crook to his father 's criminal past .
where douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own fault ,
andrew is burdened by repressed guilt and self-loathing .
he accidentally kills a suspect
and covers up his action with an attempt
to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster
( gary merrill )
whom he has been vainly pursuing for year .
instead 
a kindly cab driver is suspected
because he is the father of the dead man 's estranged and mistreated wife morgan
( gene tierney ) .
dixon ,
falling in love with the wife of the man
he killed ,
try desperately to save her father
without giving himself away .
among noir protagonist 
dana andrew had this distinction :
he was incapable of appearing unintelligent .
even when playing an average joe ,
as he usually did ,
he always comes across as unusually sensitive and perceptive ;
more than that 
his air of being too thoughtful for his own comfort
gives him that haunted
-- and haunting -- quality
that was his essence as an actor .
he played ordinary guy 
cop and soldier ,
but always with a tragic undercurrent of seeing
and knowing too much .
his conscientious hero are marked by exhaustion 
guilt ,
the inability ever to `` lighten up . ''
no other actor could have expressed so well the bottled-up anger 
the slow-burning pain 
the agonized intelligence of mark dixon .
he also has a muted tenderness 
a muffled warmth and even wry humor
that make him hearteaking .
this comes out
when he takes morgan to a restaurant
where he is a regular ,
and for the first time we see this cold 
utal man trading mock insult with the waitress ,
whose sarcasm can not hide her affection and concern for him .
when dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for morgan 's father ,
he supplies it
even though they recently argued
and dixon threw a punch at him .
there are no word about loyalty or knowing
he is a good guy deep down ,
but we see it all in the man 's anguished silence and his wife 's resignation
as she hands over some jewelry to pawn .
dixon 's goodness comes across through other person 's reaction
to him as much as through andrew 's deeply moving performance .
though dana andrew was a minor star ,
he may be the quintessential forty man .
he goes
through some movie hardly ever taking off his overcoat ;
with that boxy 
mid-century silhouette 
further fortified by the fedora 
the glass of bourbon 
the cigarette
he does not take out of his mouth
when he talks ,
he looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of toughness and impassivity .
while many noir romanticize the two-fisted tough guy ,
where the sidewalk ends offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the fa\u00e7ade 
a gripping and melancholy exploration of the root and consequence of violence.andrew was sadly underrated in his own time
( he was the only one of the three protagonist in the best year of our life not nominated for an academy award ,
though his low-key performance is far more compelling than frederic march 's hammy 
oscar-winning drunk ) .
fortunately 
andrew appeared in some film
that ensured his immortality 
and now at last this little-known film ,
which contains his best performance ,
can be seen as part of the marvelous fox film noir set .
this series ,
including a number of never
before released title
( such as nightmare alley and thieve ' highway ) ,
suggests
that twentieth-century-fox may have had the finest record of all the major studio
when it came to film noir .
