rumor is a memorable entry in the wartime series of instructional cartoon
starring `` private snafu . ''
the film were aimed at serviceman
and were directed 
animated
and scored by some of the top talent from warner bros. ' termite terrace ,
including friz freleng 
chuck jone ,
and carl stalling .
the invaluable mel blanc supplied the voice for snafu ,
and the story and rhyming narration for many of the film was supplied by theodor geisel 
i.e .
dr. seuss .
the idea was to convey basic concept with humor and vivid imagery ,
using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example :
he was the dope ,
the little twerp
who would do everything you
are not supposed to do .
according to chuck jone the script
had to be approved by pentagon official ,
but army ass also permitted the animator an unusual amount of freedom
concerning language
and bawdy joke 
certainly more than theatrical censorship of the time would allow
-- all for the greater good ,
of course.as the title would indicate ,
this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumor .
the setting is an army camp .
private snafu sit next to another soldier in the latrine
( something
you will not see in any other hollywood film of the era )
and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling .
we observe as an offhand remark about a bombing
is misinterpreted 
then exaggerated ,
then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor
that sweeps the camp .
the imagery is indeed vivid :
the ain of one anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot ,
while the fevered speech of another is rendered as steamy hot air ,
i.e `` balloon juice . ''
a soldier `` shoots his mouth off 
'' cannon-style ,
and
before you know
it actual baloney is flying in every direction .
winged baloney 
at that .
panicked soldier tell each other
that the brooklyn bridge has been pulverized ,
coney island wiped out ,
enemy troop have landed on the white house lawn ,
and the japanese are in california .
the visual become ever more surreal and nightmarish
until at last the camp is quarantined for `` rumor-itis ''
and private snafu has been locked up in a padded cell.this
is a highly effective piece of work .
the filmmaker dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy ,
and the message is still a valid one .
in recent year we have seen
that catastrophic event
( real or imagined )
can eed all kind of wild rumor
that spread more rapidly than ever thank to communication advance .
because the technology has improved ,
the private snafus of our time are able to oadcast their own balloon juice via e-mail 
cellphone and blogging .
consequently 
rumor is a rare example of a wartime educational film
whose essential message does not feel at all dated ;
in fact it may be more timely than ever .
