after watching many of the `` next action star ''
reality tv ep tivo taped this gawd-awful tripe for me .
for some bizarre reason - and i only have myself to blame - i watched the whole thing ,
hoping
that there would be *something* unique in the entire movie .
after so much hype about joel silver 's `` midas touch '' with action flick ,
he might want to make sure
he bones up on his alchemy.first ,
the only redeeming value of the entire film was billy zane ,
and even he could not lift the slipshod writing out of the crapper .
having said
that 
zane 's performance falter about 2/ 3rd of the way through ,
as he does not even seem to know what else to do other than look smug .
can not blame him here 
though .
the writing 
quite frankly 
sucked .
let 's take idea from `` rat race 
'' `` enemy of the state 
'' `` terminator 
'' `` midnight run '' and any bad gambling film
you can think of and simply rehash it .
and who 's illiant idea was it to have two idge chase sequence in a row ? sean carrigan 
the `` man of the hour '' of `` the next action star '' shows all of the strength
and weaknesses the casting director mention during the entire run of the series .
a one-note johnny 
sean plays the dumb good looking jock very well ,
but struggles with shouldering the weight of the film .
quite frankly 
we never quite seem to care about whether he lives or dy by about mid-way through ,
as carrigan fails to provide a reason for the audience to even like him .
his dumb-but-lucky routine gets old
as there really is not anything about the character
to root for.but carrigan is a dream
compared to the wooden 
rigid corinne van ryck de groot .
did howard fine really tell her to pretend to be a terminator for the first half of the film ?
i do not think so .
i kept expecting her to quote arnie .
her character `` performance '' can be compared only to the dramatic depth of `` freddy got fingered 
'' though not nearly as well-developed .
the camera loves her in dark 
shadowy limousine ,
but in the harsh light of day her demeanor sucks all energy off the screen .
jeanne bauer showed more natural life in her five minute bit part than corinne showed at any part of her screen time.ultimately ,
sean has the rugged good look
to provide a good lead in an ensemble cast ,
but should not have been left to do this one solo .
it was simply too big of a task for him .
`` next action star '' colleague jared elliot may or may not have had better luck with some more dynamic characterization ,
but it is hard to tell given jeff welch 's lame script .
someone should take welch 's imac away from him
before he hurts himself or anyone else .
and finally 
van ryck de groot simply was outclassed and way out of her reach 
even for complete shlock like this .
joel silver should be ashamed .
