the title alone
( along with the poster )
is enough
to give away `` the projected man '' as an obvious rip-off of `` the fly '' .
and bryant haliday ,
while much better than the typical imdb review would have you think ,
is nobody 's idea of an acceptable stand-in for vincent price .
although 
come to think of it ,
who would be ,
unless micheal gough was available ? ?
still ,
if you are in the mood
to watch a british `` hammer '' style movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experiment gone horribly wrong ... well ,
you still might want to give `` the projected man '' a pass and rummage around in the 'remaindered ' bin at your local wal-mart for another teleporter-accident movie .
because this one just is not all
that good.haliday caught a lot of good natured ribbing from the mst3k crew for his part in this movie and in `` devil doll '' ,
but he is actually the best thing in tpm .
maybe he can not carry the movie ,
but he gets practically no help here from the screenplay .
the script bog down any forward momentum the plot may have in a mire of nonsense about funding and university politic and a guy
named lembach and some sinister cabal
who want the teleportation machine to fail
so they can steal its secret ... or something .
so all the dramatic sequence in the first half of movie
involve either phone calls or unconvincing special effect with transparent espresso machine and teleporting rat .
then when poor haliday gets mutilated by his machine ,
he has to spend the last part of the film
wearing a diaper over half his face and rubber cement over the rest
while he electrocutes various londoner
who chance across his path .
tom cruise and eric robert using bullhorn could not have made this screenplay work .
meanwhile all the other actor diligently try to inject life and interest into their role for this turgid little project ,
but the screenplay just swallows their effort whole .
the corrupt project administrator fret and fume and hiss into the phone to his blackmailer ,
all the while failing to notice
that he looks like a werewolf outfitted in a tweed suit and a tattersall vest .
haliday 's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of british horror cinema .
his secretary is forced to parade around in her `` small '' .
none of it really works or gel into a real movie .
and it all just kind of stop dead ,
leaving the viewer going 
`` eh ?
excuse me 
was not there supposed to be an ending here ? ?
`` still 
for all its problem 
i can easily name a dozen horror movie from the same period
that were as bad or worse ,
and so could anyone else
who follows movie
( or who has ever owsed the imdb `` bottom 100 '' ) .
i would not actually pay money to own `` projected man '' ,
but
if it were included in some compilation along with a dozen other movie in a dvd collection ,
i would probably feel ok about having it .
it is a harmless diversion 
perfect for a horror movie film festival ,
to watched with friend
while consuming many beer and snack on a saturday evening .
