here we are :
two traveler from a distant futuristic world arrive on earth ...
one is on a desperate mission
to preserve a life ,
another is an inhuman killing machine
determined
to eliminate the woman
who will give birth to the saviour of an entire race.so
what could we call this killing machine ?
it is almost like he is some kind of destroyer 
or eradicator ... sort of like an exterminator or something .
what is the word i am looking for ... something
that -terminates- thing ?
hmmmm ... .anyway 
the protector
( who swiftly doffs the white tunic
he stole from luke skywalker in favour of local clothing )
finds the young woman first and impregnates her with a future-born hero-to-be .
the evil uhhhh ... `` exterminator '' kills some redneck and steal their gun and clothe ,
then attempts to locate the woman by visiting her workplace
and asking around by looking menacingly into person 's eye
and repeating her name threateningly.then begins a desperate race for survival as the seemingly deathless and unstoppable `` exterminator '' pursues the couple across the countryside .
at some point he may acquire boot and a motorcycle ,
but i am not sure.perhap 
in an exciting finale 
he will attempt to crush them under the wheel of an enormous tanker truck full of ... acid .
then the truck will crash .
they will be saved ... but no !
he will then re-emerge 
as strong as ever .
he will kill the protector
and pursue the girl into a meat packing plant ,
where in a terrifying finish ,
he is pushed into a large piece of industrial chopping machinery ,
and destroyed once and for all.but maybe i am extrapolating too much ...
after all 
i did stop watching this movie
after mr. protector magically impregnates sean young by kissing her at a bar ,
then tells
her the child will be born in 3 day .
the costume and effect are great in this movie ...
i loved them the first time i saw them on star trek :
next generation too !
sean young does another great turn as an unemotive replican not ,
and career sweat-hog stephen baldwin is also on board as young 's fat cop boyfriend .
not sure
where he fits into the plot
though ...
maybe he is an import from a different jame cameron movie ?
