to be a buster keaton fan
is to have your heart oken on a regular basis .
most of us first encounter keaton in one of the illiant feature film from his great period of independent production :
'the general ' 
'the navigator ' 
'sherlock jnr ' .
we recognise him as the greatest figure in the entire history of film comedy ,
and we want to see more of his movie .
here the hearteak begins .
after 'steamboat bill jnr ' 
keaton 's other-in-law joseph schenck pressured him into signing a contract
that put keaton under the control of mgm .
keaton became just one more actor for hire ,
performing someone else 's script .
then his alcoholism got worse .
after 'steamboat bill jnr ' 
keaton never again made a truly first-rate film .
a couple of source describe a would-be masterpiece comedy
that keaton claimed
he *almost* got to make at mgm :
a parody of 'grand hotel ' .
biographer tom dardis has offered convincing evidence
that keaton made up this story.the hearteak increase
because 
among the many year of keaton 's long steady decline 
he just occasionally came up with a good film ... such as his short comedy 'grand slam opera ' .
i continue to search for the lost footage of keaton 's dramatic scene with spencer tracy in 'it
is a mad mad world ' :
a sequence in which embittered cop tracy telephones an old retired crook
( keaton )
and tries to recruit his assistance in stealing smiler grogan 's cash .
that footage is almost certainly gone forever ,
but i keep looking .
'speak easily ' 
ala 
is one of keaton 's film from the beginning of his decline .
mgm were trying to build up jimmy durante
( who 
coincidentally ,
played smiler grogan three decade later )
as a new comedy star .
unfortunately 
mgm tried to build up durante
by teaming him with keaton ,
whose style of comedy was simply incompatible with durante 's .
( i am a fan of both . )
throughout his career 
durante was a merciless scene-stealer :
commendably ,
he knew
that he was being built up at keaton 's expense ,
and keaton was the only co-star
whom durante never attempted to upstage.keaton
was often cast as the victim of extremely cruel machination .
in 'speak easily ' 
he plays a didactic and humourless midwestern college professor named post
( because he is as wooden as one )
who receives a letter informing him
that he is inherited $ 750,000 ,
which he must travel to new york city to claim .
does he make a 'phone call to verify this ?
does he even check the postmark ?
no ; he takes his life 's saving out of the bank and rush to new york .
as soon as he is gone ,
post 's manservant confesses
that he wrote the
( fake )
letter to jostle professor post out of his rut ! post ,
who thinks
he is a 3/4-millionaire 
crosses path with jimmy dodge
( durante ) ,
who 's trying to produce a musical revue
but has not any money .
the character
which these two illiant comedian
are playing onscreen
simply fail to intermesh .
keaton is playing one of those egghead
( like mister logic in 'viz ' )
who intellectualises everything .
durante plays one of those annoying hepcat
who is incapable of making any straightforward statement
because the script requires him alway to speak in slang .
there is a painfully unfunny dialogue scene
in which durante is trying to talk to keaton about money ,
but - instead of coming straight out with it - durante has to use increasingly contrived slang term like 'kale ' 
'cartwheel ' and so forth ...
while keaton of course has no idea what durante 's on about .
i will give keaton credit :
his own dry and dusty prairie voice 
his flat kansas accent 
is absolutely perfect for the character
he is playing here.sidney toler ,
looking much leaner and more handsome here
than he would be just a year later ,
is impressive as the excitable director of the revue bankrolled
( on tick )
by professor post .
henry armetta ,
whom i have never found funny ,
is even less funny than usual here ,
offering a running gag with a stupid payoff .
thelma todd impressed me here 
in a more villainous version of the role
she played in 'horse feather '
( a much funnier movie ) .
edward brophy 
one of my favourite character actor 
is wasted.part of the problem with 'speak easily ' is that supporting character behave in completely inappropriate way .
keaton 's lawyer shows up at durante 's theatre with an urgent message for keaton ...
but he is not there ,
so the lawyer proceed to divulge keaton 's personal business to the first total stranger he meets .
( fire that lawyer 
buster ! )
in another scene 
professor post - the guy
who 's perceived as bankrolling this musical - blunder into the chorus girl ' changing room ,
and all the chorus girl immediately squeal
and cover themselves .
i know for a fact
that *modern* chorus girl would never react this way ,
and i seriously doubt
that chorus girl in 1932 behaved
that way either ... certainly not in response to the 'angel '
controlling their show 's pursestrings.spoiler coming .
about half an hour into the unfunny 'speak easily ' ,
the great jimmy durante seat himself at the piano 
grins into the camera ,
and does
that distinctive little shake of his head
as he starts to play a tune .
this is the moment
when i thought
that 
at long last 
this movie was finally going to settle down to its purpose of entertaining us .
ala 
no .
most annoying of all is the ending of this film ,
which uses the single most hackneyed and implausible cliche in all of comedy :
the one
in which an utterly incompetent dimwit becomes a star comedian through his own ineptitude .
( keaton would be forced to replay this cliche in a 1955 episode of 'screen director playhouse ' ;
chaplin had already used it in 'the circus ' .
) i very nearly wept - in anger and sorrow - at the wasted opportunity in 'speak easily ' .
mostly out of respect for the work
that keaton 
durante 
toler 
brophy and miss todd have done elsewhere ,
i will rate this movie 2 point out of 10 .
