the original movie 
the odd couple 
has some wonderful comic one-liner .
the entire world it seems knows the story of neurotic neat-freak felix ungar and funny 
obnoxious 
slob oscar madison .
this paring of mismatched roommate created one of the most successful tv series of all time as well as countless ,
not anywhere near as good 
imitations.the odd
couple movie has some wonderful joke about oscar 's apartment and his sloppy habit .
he says ,
`` who wants food ? ''
one of his poker player buddy asks ,
`` what do ya got ? ''
oscar says ,
`` i got own sandwich and green sandwich . ''
`` what is the own ? ''
it is either very new cheese or very old meat ! ''
i also love the line about oscar 's refrigerator ,
`` it is been out of order for two week ,
i saw milk standing in there
that was not even in a bottle ! ''
there is no question
that walter matthau 's oscar madison is a joy to watch on screen .
he is almost as good
as jack klugman 's version in the tv series.the problem with the movie is jack lemmon 's felix ungar .
jack makes a very 
very 
honest effort at the role .
the problem is that he makes felix so depressing and down-trodden
that he becomes more annoying than comical .
tony randall 's performance in the series 
ought the kind of humor 
warmth 
and sensitivity 
to felix 's character ,
which lemmon 's portrayal lack .
tony 's felix unger obviously could be annoying some of the time .
however 
in the tv series 
it related to specific situation
where the annoyance was needed in the storyline .
jack 's felix ungar ,
( note the different spelling )
in the movie ,
seems to never be happy 
fun 
or interesting .
the movie felix ungar is a roommate
that drives you up the wall ,
all the time.the movie still has great moment
that withstand the test of time 
the `` famous '' meatloaf fight is one of the greatest scene ever !
one of the other great example of felix 's `` little note '' on oscar 's pillow will be remembered forever .
however 
there are some darker side
where oscar goes over the top ,
his `` crying '' near the end after bawling out felix ,
and a scene
involving felix 's linguine dinner ,
( although lightened by a funny line . )
seem more depressing than comical.perhap there was not enough time
to see the lighter side of these character
that made the series so memorable in the movie .
the beginning 20 minute are very boring .
the same issue occurs with felix 's conversation with the pidgeon sister .
the movie 's ending is predictable and too pat .
there is very little care or compassion for each of them by the other .
the result is that the darker side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger 
rather than comedy ,
unless you are watching the great scene
described above .
it appears
that jack lemmon 's monotone persona of felix ings the film down 
rather than enhance or emaces the comedy between the character.it really took the 1970 's tv series
to make the odd couple the best
that it could be .
the original film is still very good .
however 
the tv series is much better .
