diagnosis murder has been shown on most weekday afternoon on bbc1 since i used
to watch it
while ill from school a good 10 year ago - i know
i should not really enjoy it ,
in the same way i should not enjoy 'murder
she wrote '
but i am totally addicted to both and even have the dvd box-set ...
.ok i know
that is sad ! dick van dyke carries the show
as he stars as dr.mark sloan a doctor at community general hospital in l.a
who is also a police consultant for the l.a.p.d .
- his son steve
( barry van dyke - dick 's real life son )
is a police officer ,
who needs his father 's help on very many suspicious death .
along for the ride is dr.amanda bentley
( victoria bentley )
the resident pathologist at community general and for the first couple of season
you had scott baio
playing dr.jack stewart ,
who upped and left the series in 1995 hoping to go on to bigger and better thing ...
he should have stayed
where he was ,
he has not done anything of note
since ... .and his only theatrical appearance for many year was in baby geniuse 2 :
superbaby ... .oh dear ! !
! anyhow dr.jack stewart was replaced by the younger dr.jesse travis
played by charlie schlatter
who stepped into baio 's shoe pretty comfortably.the series is highly implausible
but what whodunit series is not ?
( murder she wrote -
everywhere jessica goes ,
someone ends up dead ,
or the underrated father dowling mystery about a murder solving priest with nun sidekick )
the series was much lighter up until 1997 this is because it had a supporting cast
that included the bumbling hospital manager norman brigg
played by michael tucci along with nurse and mark 's secretary dolore
played by delore hall ,
after 1997 both these character were no longer included
and the series became a grittier affair with a bigger looking budget ,
some episode included far more action ,
one episode the entire hospital is blown up.this was a family show for the van dyke 's because as well as dick 's son barry 
you also had dick 's daughter and all his grandchildren making an appearance in various episode .
as the series went on it got a bit silly ,
one episode i remember
dick van dike plays his entire family ,
which was a bit out of the ordinary ,
but on the whole 'diagnosis murder ' was a really good tv show
which had numerous good guest stars.since this show
finished in 2001 ,
dick and barry have appeared together again in the 'murder 101 ' series of tv movie
made by the hallmark channel ,
pretty much following the same path 
and still enjoyable .
dick
who 's now in his mid 80 's does
not seem to change a great deal ,
and looks
as if he will be working till the bitter end.tv show **** out of *****
