out of all the princess story disney has put out there ,
cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal .
i can not really say why 
but for some reason 
generation after generation thrusts her to the top of their list .
as a little girl 
i wanted nothing more than to be cinderella with her glass slipper-
it was my absolute favorite costume.honestly ,
i do not think
there is any story
that more realizes the longing of the human heart than cinderella .
who has never wanted to run away from the drudgery of daily life and find someone
who sees you as no one else
ever had ?
the story is older than the english language
and somehow it still rings true.as for the character ,
if nothing else ,
disney can make a wonderful villain .
lady tremaine is evil to the t 
in a wonderfully calculating 
not overtly physical way .
her cutting tongue and eye do the work for her-
she does not need staff of lightening to strike fear into your heart .
the animal friend tend to grate 
especially that idiotic gus .
i would have cheered
had he met his fate in lucifer 's jaws .
cinderella herself was no pushover- making some justly catty remark at time .
however 
she just lacked the drive
to make her entirely sympathetic .
sure 
she was nice and fed animal ,
but what was keeping her at that place ?
we never know .
even if she only became a maid in another house ,
at least she is be getting paid
and have a shot at respect .
it seems the only reason thing work out in the end for cindy is that everything sort of fall to place in her lap .
she never works for her dream
that she sings so fondly of.which ings me to the music ,
which is lovely 
as ever .
ilene wood has a lovely 
rich voice 
probably my favorite of any disney heroine .
some big standard originated here- a dream is a wish your heart makes ,
so this is love ,
bibbidi bobbidi boo ... cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlight .
while it is lacking in some character development ,
it does provide some classic villain and excellent voice work .
if you are feeling sick at heart ,
pop it in-
it will warm you up
and make you hum mmm mmm good ! quote of the film :
-surprise !
surprise !
-duh duh duh- happy birthday !
