but `` cinderella '' gets my vote 
not only for the worst of disney 's princess movie ,
but for the worst movie the company made during walt 's lifetime .
the music is genuinely pretty ,
and the story deserves to be called `` classic . ''
what fails in this movie are the character 
particularly the title character ,
who could only be called `` the heroine '' in the loosest sense of the term.after a ief prologue ,
the audience is introduced to cinderella .
she is waking up in the morning
and singing `` a dream is a wish your heart makes . ''
this establishes her as an idealist
( and thus deserving of our sympathy ) .
unfortunately 
the script gives us no clue
as to what she is dreaming about .
freedom from her servant role ?
the respect of her step-family ?
someone to talk to besides mice and bird ?
in one song
( cut from the movie
but presented in the special feature section of the latest dvd )
cinderella relates her wish
that there could be many of her so
she could do her work more efficiently .
you go girlfriend !
in short 
cinderella is a very bland character .
she passively accepts her step-family 's abuse ,
escaping into her unspoken dreams for relief .
she only asserts herself once by reminding her stepmother
that she is still a member of the family .
for this 
she is given permission to go the ball
if she completes her housework
and finds something to wear 
a token gesture
that is clearly absurd to everyone except 
of course 
cinderella .
can anyone see belle or jasmine being such a doormat ?
if cinderella is dull ,
her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless .
the prince in cinderella gets no dialog and almost no screen time .
we are given no indication
if he is a good man ,
if he respects cinderella or anything .
all we know is 1 )
he is a prince and 2 )
he dances well .
heck 
even the prince from `` snow white '' got to sing a romantic song at least .
not only does this lack of development make the romance less interesting ,
it makes cinderella look like either a social climber or an idiot ,
weakening her already tenuous appeal.perhap realizing
how dull the main character were ,
the animator chose to give excessive screen time to the movie 's comic relief 
cinderella 's friend 
the mice .
granted 
these character are amusing .
even so ,
when the comic relief steal the show from the principal 
well ,
let 's just say
your story has some problems.dinsey love to proclaim all its animated feature as `` masterpiece . ''
while many of them are ,
there are some
that do not deserve this appellate in any way .
cinderella is a prime example of this fact .
