`` cinderella '' is one of the most beloved of all disney classic .
and it really deserves its status .
based on the classic fairy-tale
as told by charle perrault ,
the film follows the trial and tribulation of cinderella 
a good girl
who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unlikable stepsister .
when a royal ball is held
and all eligible young woman are invited
( read :
the king wants to get the prince
to marry ) ,
cinderella is left at home whilst her stepmother takes her awful daughter with her .
but there is a fairy godmother on hand ...
the story of `` cinderella '' on its own would not be able to pad out a feature ,
so whilst generally staying true to the story otherwise 
the fairly incidental character of the animal
whom the fairy godmother uses
to help get the title character to the ball become cinderella 's true sidekick .
the mice jaq and gus are the main sidekick ,
and their own nemesis being the stepmother 's cat lucifer .
their antic intertwine generally with the main fairy-tale plot ,
and are for the most part wonderful .
admittedly 
the film does slow down a bit between the main introduction of the character
and shortly before the stepsister depart for the ball ,
but after this slowdown 
the film really gets going again
and surprisingly ( since `` cinderella '' is the most worn down story of all time 
probably )
ends up as one of the most
involving disney stories.the animation and art direction
is lovely .
all of the legendary nine old man animated on this picture 
and mary blair 's colour styling and concept art
( she also did concept art and colour styling for `` alice in wonderland '' 
`` peter pan '' 
`` the three caballero '' and many many other )
manage to wiggle their way on screen .
the colours and design are lovely 
especially in the fairy godmother and ball scene ,
as well as in those pretty little momants here and there.overall 
`` cinderella '' rank as one of the best disney fairy-tale and comes recommanded to young and all
that embodies the disney philosophy
that dreams really can come true .
