wow ,
after trashing the disk of timo rose `` rout city '' after about 15 minute
( south park is about more than meaningless cursing ...
i guess
some person just do not get it )
i was interested in this movie .
i read quite some positive stuff and the packaging and look of the movie seemed far from the total trash i expected after `` rout city '' .surprise :
the movie is not total trash
but the problem seems to be exactly that .
timo rose try to walk in the footstep of german horror/splatter cinema like olaf ittenbach and the like .
that means `` barricade '' is in part extremely gory and detailed .
the gore fx are not really believable but ok ,
the acting is ok but in some case plain suck .
the hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous
and does not get better till
she is shot.so what is the problem ...
the movie is gory ,
has a typical german underground vibe
( including the classic booby
shot in blood ) 
ok fx and a modern feel
to it like the packaging
already promised ? !
1. the script is total bs .
you get a typical hillbilly/lost in the wood story with some guys+gal camping out and meeting a degenerated hillbilly family .
everything is just leading toward the torture/mutilation scene
and seems unbelievably random and pointless .
this is the first thing
that makes `` barricade '' half-hearted.2 .
random is also the perfect description for a lot of the camera work
( i liked the repetitive cut to the tweezer in the extended booby torture scene ...
either they had no material or the editor works in a hardware store ) .
even worse the editing ... sure ,
its modern and far better than a lot of other movie in the genre but its random .
you got an overuse of that typical exposure effect everywhere and with no meaning ...
its just there ... all the time .
then there is some grainy/noisy film look
which also is just thrown in here
and there for the sake of it 
i do not get the meaning.3 .
like the fore-mentioned effect there is a lot of repetitive stuff in here .
for example most of the kill are edited with multiple repetition of stabbing and punching .
its ok once but here its annoying and fake 
especially toward the end .
annoying also attributes the `` music ''
which is permanently used without any change in the background .
it does not take long
until it makes the movie hardly bearable.4 .
from all this comes the biggest problem of this movie
( and many other in my opinion ) .
if you make a splatter movie with trashy
feel its pretty idiotic to polish it with special fx and new school editing .
it looks like they take it way too serious .
its no fun
because the decent gore fx are plain wasted in this context .
and where the classic gore fx are ok the computer fx in scene like the stabbing in the mouth or the gunshot in the ending look rather silly
( and 3d splatter mostly suck to me even in movie with a budget and decent 3d artist )
.i often wondered
if the time of serious splatter movie is over
and `` barricade '' is just another example
it might be time
to put it in the tomb .
its no fun 
has no character
and is too trashy for its look .
the script is a cheap try on `` wrong turn ''
and `` tcm '' leading absolutely nowhere .
you can take
that literally ...
the ending is just there and as random as many other thing here
( `` i love you '' in a splatter flick ...
come on ! ! ) .
`` barricade '' try to incorporate a lot and fail ...
you can sure fast-forward through this movie for some extensive disembowelment ,
acid face melting 
nipple pinching and classic friday the 13th style stabbing of a couple
while fingering in a tent
( bloody booby hooray ! ) .
but its really hard to get through this .
total failure especially
because you can see it
could have been something .
