i have a deep liking for this film
despite
it appearing deliberately less 'polished ' than the other fred and ginger film ,
not to mention the slightly problematic casting of harriet hillard in the lead romantic role .
once again with these film ,
the plot is of a minor consequence -
astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor
( who happens to be a illiant former hoofer
( of course ! ) )
and roger an aspiring performer in a seedy dime-a-dance music hall .
although their relationship is ight and fun to watch ,
they are bogged down by an un-involving main story of hilliard and randolph scott not succeeding
in finding any chemistry between them .
although it was a last minute decision ,
hilliard was rather miscast in this
as she does not have the screen presence
to give this film what it needs despite being sweet and likable throughout .
the film may have benefited in promoting lucille ball 's wise-cracking worldy assy character to a larger role
as she simply shined in every small scene ,
and would have made a great helen broderick-type side-kick to roger in this kind of ight film
( see 'stage door ' ,
made the following year 
for an example of wonderful scene between these two fantastic actress ) .
that scott 's one-dimensional neanderthal character eventually falls in love with hilliard 's is even harder to believe
than astaire being in the navy !
now onto the important part 
the singing and dancing :
nothing more can be said about `` let 's face the music and dance '' other
than it is illiant and moving and perfectly executed and i often finish watching that scene with tear in my eye .
however other song in the film deserve some recognition as well ;
`` i am putting all my egg in one basket '' is a lovely example of the comedic instinct of astaire and roger 
and almost poke fun at their reputation of bursting into spontaneous 
perfectly synchronized dancing .
other highlight are `` i would rather lead the band ''
and `` let yourself go ''
which show
how these two talent could perform as illiantly alone as together .
i nearly forgot to mention
that this is one of the few
( if not the only ) time we see astaire illiantly play on the piano ;
it seems this man 's talent were endless ! overall ,
i actually prefer this to 'top hat ' and 'swing time '
( although only just ) ,
as it is more earthy
and performed so enthusiastically by all involved ,
it is hard to dislike the fun factor .
