this show was appreciated by critic and those
who realized
that any similarity between `` pushing daisy '' style and anyone else 's was not a steal .
( yes ,
i have seen `` amelie . ''
`` pushing daisy '' is somewhat similar
but still different enough to be original . )
rather 
there are too few show on tv
that have this kind of quirky charm .
the greatest similarity is to `` dead like me ''
but `` p.d '' comes by that similarity honestly :
bryan fuller created both show .
( both show involve an `` undead '' young woman 
for example . )
this show never stopped being funny and charming ,
and it was always odd ,
yet was consistently humane.i must say a word about the convention of on-going story line .
some person have complained
that this show lacked a moral center
because in the first ( and several subsequent )
episode ned seems to get away with causing the death of chuck 's father
without consequence of any kind .
first of all 
this must be a new definition of `` without consequence of any kind '' because ,
in spite of the fact
that ned was only a boy
and did not realize
that he had caused the death of chuck 's father ,
he nevertheless felt guilty from the moment
he realized
what he had done .
further 
about a dozen episode into the series 
ned finally did confess to chuck
that he had caused her father 's death with his gift .
now 
there are no police to charge person with magically
causing one person 's death by inging another person back to life ,
so the question of absolution and restitution have to be taken up
without societal guidance .
in other word 
it is between ned and chuck ,
who was not inclined to forgive ned anytime soon.but this does point out a problem with continuing story line in network dramas .
i remember
when david caruso 's character on `` nypd blue '' did something wrong
and it seemed
he got away with it
-- for a whole year --
then he got caught
and was forced to resign from the job
( and left the show ) .
the point is 
viewer should learn by now
and not assume
that just because a regular character does something wrong in a single episode ,
and is not caught in that episode ,
that he has gotten away with it .
there is always next week
-- and maybe even next year .
