jame j. corbett 's autobiography `` the roar of the crowd '' was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered fictionalized biography .
the author was heavyweight champion of the world 
succeeding john l. sullivan 
before the turn of the century .
the event of the narrative depict corbett as a ash but likable and intelligent young man
whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice in his time ,
when he was considered merely the son of irish immigrant 
a lowly bank teller
and a nobody surprised everyone .
it took him several hour of exciting and often amusing screen-time to prove his compeer were wrong .
he is an bank teller
when the film opens ,
but he somehow wangles an invitation to a sporting club for the well-to-do .
he falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl ,
with whom he always seems to be quarreling ,
and he lives at home with a awling clan of corbett
who seem to fight with one another as often as with other .
when he defeats the club 's best and a professional fighter borough in to embarrass him ,
he finally decides to become famous by fighting .
he sets out on the road with his friend ,
who acts as manager and trainer ,
and despite a few near setback ,
he wins all his bout and attracts attention .
coming home
to pursue his girl again ,
he contrives to annoy the boston strongboy 
mighty john l. sullivan ,
who enters bar
and claim
he can `` lick any man in the world '' .
few believe
he can win a bout against sullivan 
but corbett 
dubbed `` gentleman jim '' for his gracious manner and patrician appearance surprise everyone by moving ,
dancing out of range 
and negating the furious sullivan 's power .
the film 's finest scene perhaps comes
when a beaten sullivan comes to congratulate corbett .
the new champion rises to the moment ,
tells sullivan a few year before it might have been different ,
and shows him nothing but admiration and respect .
he gets his girl as a result of his two performance 
but by the end of the film ,
as they visit his s parent ,
his manager is able to tell the world ,
`` the corbett are at it again '' .
the film is attractive
and has a consistent style
without being flashy .
the script was written by veteran horace mccoy and vincent lawrence from the corbett novel .
sidney hickox did the cinematography 
with period
set decoration by clarence steensen and art direction by ted smith .
heinz roemheld did the music and milo anderson the gown .
the film was ably directed by action-film specialist raoul walsh .
flynn also liked working with walsh but did not care for the other director
he worked for most often 
michael curtiz .
among the cast 
were ward bond as john l. sullivan 
in one of his best performance lovely alexis smith a bit spotty but intelligent as the girl corbett love and a very able errol flynn as corbett 
a young man
he seemed to relish playing
-- he later said
it was his favorite role from the period ... jack carson was his manager 
alan hale his charismatic father 
john loder a rich foe 
with william frawley 
minor watson 
madeleine lebeau 
rhys william 
arthur shield 
dorothy vaughn and mike mazurki along for the enjoyable proceedings .
it is hard to say enough about the logic and light-hearted fun this movie 's maker have generated ;
it is one of the best-liked of all sport biography film ,
and by my standard one of the most enjoyable as well .
