`` serum '' starts out with credit
that are quite reminiscent of the `` re-animator '' movie ,
and it owes a lot to them .
the story is very similar ;
a mad doctor develops a serum
that
he believes
will alleviate pain 
sickness and death ,
but he is apparently not a big believer in clinical trial
and so winds up with a ain-eating zombie on his hand in the person of his nephew .
the zombie even looks like one of those from `` re-animator 
''
and in fact some of the make-up effect in `` serum '' are not bad .
unfortunately 
the script is pretty slow and unbelievable in quite a few place ,
resulting in a soap opera feel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie .
for some reason 
the director feel compelled to tell us the time of day every few minute
by flashing it in big white letter across the screen .
i can not see why this was important ,
other than being an attempt
to provide viewer with a sense of time passing ; sometimes ,
that would not be present otherwise
as the plot plod along.there are a number of moment
that just do not add up here .
for instance 
one victim is bludgeoned with a sledge hammer ,
but
when we see the victim 's head up close ,
there is no sign of that trauma .
in another scene 
a character runs down a fully lit hospital corridor
( we can see the circle of light on the floor 
in fact ) with a flashlight in hand ,
looking for all the world like he is walking in the dark ...
but a moment later a second character walk down the same fully-lit corridor
without one .
these are just a couple of example ;
moment of what look like directorial or editorial sloppiness crop up quite frequently throughout the movie .
`` serum '' is better in some way
than much of what goes straight-to-video as independent horror lately .
in term of technical item \u0097 sound and photography 
for example \u0097 it is got a more polished look than a lot of what lands on a dvd .
on the other hand 
there is still a good deal of wooden acting
( particularly by one of the lead character ,
the mad scientist himself ! )
and nonsensical moment
that have nothing to do with suspension of disbelief and everything to do with writing and continuity .
maybe these are thing
that the person
involved with making this film
will eventually get more experience with 
though .
one of the problem with low-budget independent horror lately is that the filmmaker often set out to remake more popular movie
that had bigger budget ,
and that almost never works out .
it did not in the case of `` serum 
'' anyhow .
