if i remember 
ira gershwin 
the lyricist and other of george 
offered the gershwin catalog for this film
and it was snapped up by the producer .
in many respect 
it was a typical 50 's movie musical by the freed unit at mgm
and directed by vincente minelli with a lot of help from gene kelly.the gershwin
were 
of course 
among the greatest of all broadway musical team but 
in my opinion 
george himself was among the greatest of all american composer 
period ! ! !
gene kelly was 
of course 
one of the two greatest male dancer of the movie musical
( one guess as to the other ? )
and i do not imagine his casting was ever in doubt .
but 
i think
the rest of the cast needs some explanation :
oscar levant was a noted personality in his time
and 
as an actual friend of george gershwin 
he had to be in this film .
he was a talented pianist
and even a moderately talented composer as well as a noted neurotic and hypochondriac and here 
as always ,
he plays himself.leslie caron was an unknown at this time
and she was of the french `` gamin '' type .
a talented dancer 
she was never a real beauty .
george gu\u00e9tary
who plays the part of maurice chavalier 
oops 
i mean henri baurel 
was greek and not french
but he certainly is more than ok as a french boulevardier
even if a little too young for the part.gene 's hoofer 's voice is serviceable here
but gu\u00e9tary has much the better vocal equipment .
though gene was better cast elsewhere as 
obviously 
in `` singin ' in the rain ''
where his character is much more calculating ,
even here he shows himself to be something of a heel at time
( he was 
not for nothing 
cast as the original heel joey in pal joey 
the broadway musical . )
i was not so enchanted with his `` i got rhythm '' scene with the child
which does not appear as spontaneous
as was intended in my opinion.i
also found nina foch 's character milo to be rather irritating.but the highlight of the film is obviously the lengthy ballet at the end of the film
based on the title music with set and costume in the style of the great french impressionist painters.i found
it difficult to believe gene and oscar 
as struggling artist 
and i do not think
the musical number are as well set up
as they might be but 
on balance ,
the gershwin music is very well
served in this film.the dvd is well-done with fine clear graphic
( when they are supposed to be )
and the mono sound is good but a trifle shallow .
