a story of obsessive love pushed to its limit and of a lovely swan
whose beauty is the very ticket to her own premature demise .
placed at the beginning of talky ,
prix de beaute walks a thin line
in being a full-on silent film
-- which is still is at heart --
and flirting with sound and sound effect .
the effect is a little irritating for anyone coming into this film
because the recorded audio is extremely tinny
and just does not help it at all .
hearing sound stage conversation edited over the beginning sequence
which takes place in a beach ,
for example ,
is as part of the movie
as the actress
who dubs louise brook ' dialog
and in doing so robs the audience of a fine performance .
other than that 
the movie rolls along more or less well 
with little jump in continuity here and there
-- something quite common in film from this era --
and has that vague sped up feel typical of silent .
in a way 
this is an experiment of a movie ,
and closer to the style of sergei eisenstein in visual presentation and near-intimate closeup
that elevate it from what would be a more pedestrian level .
louise brook here plays a character less flapper
than what she was known for :
she is a stenographer
who on a lark decides
to enter a beauty contest
despite the furious opposition of her extremely smothering boyfriend .
her role is quite thirty and contemporary for its time ;
the last of the flapper/jazz baby role were being shown on screen and now 
with the onset of female independence 
woman
as professional were being represented in film .
that brook 's character decides to leave her boyfriend
( even if she does `` reconcile '' with him later )
is also a little ahead of her time .
however 
her character 's fatal flaw is its willing to believe
what is not there
-- that her boyfriend wants her to succeed --
and this is what leads to her end at the movie theatre .
this final sequence look like something straight out of hitchcock in its heightened suspense
( seen in the man
who knew too much )
and cut from brook 
her image on screen 
and the murderous boyfriend .
even more dramatic is the placement of the still singing `` live '' brook with the now dead one
-- a chilling effect to a chilling 
powerful movie .
