if you rent a movie
titled `` exterminator of the year 3000 
''
the odd are good
you know
what you are getting yourself into .
i myself was sold by the promising description of `` nuke mutant 
'' `` motor-psychos 
'' and of course the `` exterminator '' themselves
which ,
according to the back of the movie-store case ,
are all cavorting around a post-apocalyptic barren wasteland wreaking all sort of mayhem .
let the wacky hijink and low budget buffoonery ensue
-- at least 
such were my hope for this `` film .
`` now i like the occasional terrible movie ,
and
if you are reading the comment on exterminator of the year 3000 ,
you probably do too .
that being said ,
i rated this film a solid `` 1
( awful ) '' --
not because i completely hated the film
but
because it is one of the most legitimately dreadful effort at movie-making i
have ever seen .
the dialogue 
the acting 
the cinematography 
the sound-editing 
the editing in general 
the plot 
etc. 
etc. 
etc
-- all are worthy of what must surely be low spectator expectation
given that marvelous title.so what is really `` good '' about this bad movie ?
it does have several of what my circle affectionately term `` quality kill . ''
a quality kill 
for those few of you unfamiliar with the phrase ,
is not a hard and fast term ,
but in general refer to someone killed in a particularly gruesome 
creative ,
or ridiculous fashion.exterminator of the year 3000 also has a fair supply of `` dialogue-so-bad-it-becomes-funny 
''
provided in great part by crazy bull 
the aptly titled leader of the hapless motor-psycho gang
-- who incidentally also provide most of the quality kill
(
if you are hoping for big thing from the nuke mutant ,
think again ,
they play essentially zero part in the movie ... shucks ! ) .
crazy bull 
however 
is all
you could ask for in a b-movie motor-psycho .
shakespearean paraphrase and oddly pg-style insult are all
he knows how to say ...
and that is terrific.despite its quality kill and bad dialogue 
however ,
if you are looking for a truly entertaining bad movie ,
exterminator of the year 3000 does disappoint somewhat in that with its draw limited to thing like silly and outdated special effect ,
quality killing 
and bad dialogue 
there is simply not enough to justify a full feature length ,
owing principally to the forty minute or so
in which the audience is forced to follow the character in protracted and boring car `` chase '' and long desert hiking sequence ... all in all 
a pretty good awful movie 
but hey 
it is no death race 2000 .
