note :
i could not force myself to actually write up a constructive review of prom night .
it just can not be done .
instead 
i went through what i thought
about while watching the movie.thing
that i thought
about while watching prom night :
-i am so tired of those dream
where these elaborate death will take place ,
only for the main character to wake up right
before she bites it .
of course ,
when i say `` elaborate death '' ,
i mean off screen throat slash or stab in the stomach .
did not the whole `` it is just a dream '' thing
get ruined by dalla ?
speaking of which ,
i wonder
if a couple stab in the gut will cause immediate death.-the film is only ten minute into and i can already count the horror clich\u00e9s on two hand .
not a good sign.-even after just meeting the protagonist 's boyfriend ,
i am convinced
he will die .
anybody want to place bet ?
-the killer in this movie is a teacher
that is obsessed with the main character 
donna .
( by the way ,
does anybody think
that `` donna '' is a horrible name for a main character in a horror film ? )
he spends three year in a maximum security prison
before eaking out
and finds donna celeating her high school prom .
while there is no accounting for taste ,
i seriously wonder
who would take all that time to stalk somebody
as dull as donna.-high school allow prom to take place at hotel
and does not keep track of the student .
apparently student are perfectly able to buy a hotel room and go in and out
as they please .
i suppose
if this plot point was not in place ,
the movie would be 90 minute of person
being bored out of their mind and randomly biting the dust
whenever they go to the bathroom .
i suppose the trade-off for their excitement is my utter boredom with everything .
i have already played `` count the piece of chewed bubble gum under the seat ''
and `` guess how much money i have in my wallet ''
and i am only in the 20 minute mark .
how else will i entertain myself ?
-note to self :
do not forget milk and ead on the way home.-dear screenwriter :
you have used up enough false scare
to get through this movie
and every other horror remake this year.-the 1980 version of this film was not that good
but compared to this remake
it was like citizen kane 
or at least the godfather .
it had jamie lee curtis in one of her many post-halloween horror flick
and it did have a little `` twist '' at the end .
i miss jamie lee .
i wish
she had act more.-apparently at prom there
is not much dancing going on .
instead the girl get in fight with their boyfriend
over where they plan to attend college .
i hear all these college being ought up by name ,
and i can not help but wonder
who these girl have to cheat off of on the entrance exam
to get in.-the killer
must carry a bag of really effective cleaning supply and wipes up his mess between scene .
that is the only logical explanation
for why he could stab somebody to death on the carpet or in the bathroom
and by the time somebody goes up to the hotel room ,
there is no trace of a struggle .
( on another side note :
this is a very lazy killer .
michael myer went hunting after his victim .
just saying .
) -it is official :
the entire audience in the theater is rooting on the killer .
what triggered it ?
was it
whenever donna went back up to her hotel room
while siren were going off ordering everybody to exit the building ?
was it her constant dream ,
and how even after going through something dramatic in said
dream she insisted on reenacting her step to a tee ?
or was it brittany snow 's unconvincing performance ?
i will have to say
it was all of the above.-okay ,
who had `` he dies off screen in the third act '' ?
you win the pot.-finally ,
the movie is over .
my friend turns to me
and says
`` donna was not too smart . ''
that is the understatement of the week .
kind of like saying
that a tornado is a small gust of wind ,
or a week long power outage is a slight inconvenience.-i can not wait to get on rotten tomato
and see
if anybody gave this move
a favoring review.-i can not recommend this .
i refuse to recommend this .
this is as lazy of a horror film as any ,
and the only way
to enjoy its cheese smelling plot
is if you are under the influence of at least ten beer .
and unfortunately for theater patron 
alcohol is not served.rating :
* out of ****
