yes awa wrestling how can anyone forget about this unreal show .
first they had a very short interviewer
named marty o'neil
who made `` rock n roll '' buck zumhofe look like a nose tackle .
then it was gene okerland
who
when he got `` mad as the wrestler '' would say
either `` were out of time '' or `` well be right back ''
acting like he was mad but actually sounding forced .
after he went to the wwf ken resneck took over even though his mustache looked like week old soup got stuck
to it was a very fine interviewer
who `` georgeous '' jimmy garvin called mouse face
which made me fall off my chair laughing .
after he jumped ship
then larry nelson came on board
which he was so bad
that phyllis george would of been an improvement !
then there is doug mcleod the best wrestling announcer ever
who made every match exciting with his description of blow !
then he was offered more pay by the minnesota north star hockey team .
at ringside
who can forget roger kent
who 's mispronouncing of word and sentence
were historic like
when a wrestler was big `` hes a big-on ! ''
punched or kicked in the gut `` right in the gusset ''
or when kicked `` he punted him ''
or `` the `` piledriver should be banned ''
after nick bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent .
( right roger like you care ! )
after he left to greener money
( wwf )
they had rod trongard
who 's announcing style
was great but different .
like when a wrestler scraped the sole of his boot across another guy forehead
he had say ''
right across the front-e-lobe ''
or when a wrestler is in trouble `` hes in a bad bad way '' .
he also would say
awa the baddest 
toughest 
meanest 
most scientific wrestler are here right in the awa !
( no extra money verne gagne ! )
after he left
( wwf )
larry
( wheres phyllis ? ! )
nelson took over and i would talk to someone else or totally ignore him .
( wwe wisely did not take him ! )
also greg gagne had the ugliest wrestling boots i ever saw a yellow color of something
i do not want to say.also
when hes looking for the tag
he looks like
he wants to get it over with so
that he can run to the nearest restroom !
jumpin jim brunzell was such a great dropkick artist
that
you wonder
why greg was ever his partner .
jerry blackwell
( rip )
was also a superstar wrestler
but you wonder
why verne had himself win against him.
( puhleeeeze ! )
then when vince mcmahon would hire gagne jobber ,
he would make most of them wrestle squash match .
i like to see the gagne family say
wrestling real now !
