lot of silly plot hole in the film .
first we see him watching his master practice kung-fu ,
and die in the midst of his practice .
that is fine with me .
and then at the end of the film 
we see him use the kung-fu
that he learned just by watching his master
when he was still a kid .
is that even possible ?
i do not think
so.this show is purely for jay chou fan ,
and the film lacks a depth in term of character development 
cinematography style and unfolding of plot.anybody notice
that the captain of the basket team
( forgot his name )
and the idolized player li xiao look so similar to each other 
to the extent
that you would think
they were the one and same person ?
long hair 
sunshine-boy look 
tall and strong .
the two of them looked like
they came out from a mass production factory
designed to churn out product
that makes teenage girl scream wild in orgasm .
not that those two actor had anything of value
to contribute to the movie
as a whole for the movie industry at all.the joke were lame
and not funny at all.the scene with regard to the 4 master of jay chou coming back
to help him out in the basketball court ,
degenerated into a pointless plot
when they started bashing their opponent ala royal rumble style .
worse of all ,
when the 4 master won the fight ,
the crowd began cheering ,
and the match continued .
it was truly a wtf ?
moment.at the end of the show ,
when they win the match ,
all thank to jay chou 's excellent kung fu skill .
how he acquired those kung-fu skill is a mystery ,
because the show somehow shows him acquiring the skill
just by observing his master.and then his long-lost father comes out of the woodwork
to acknowledge jay chou
as his long-lost son seemed just a tad too quick of the director
to wrap up the film.in short ,
this is a jay chou-flick
( instead of the usual `` chick flick '' ) .
watch it only if jay chou is your fan .
if you are one of those
whose taste in movie coincide
greatly with those in the list of imdb 's top 250 film of all time ,
then this film is not for you .
