worst film ever 
this is a statement
that person here on imdb often throw around .
whether it is an uwe boll movie ,
bad classic like manos the hand of fate or the latest no ain summer action fest from michael bay ,
person are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion
that on the board they are posting
that there is nothing worse in the movie world.i envy these person ,
because they are blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie making really goes .
there are film out there so bad 
so hideous ,
so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous
that cults form around them to celeate their awfulness and their discussion board are the kindest place on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously
that said
film is really that bad.lady and gentleman 
i present
to you ben and arthur 
an 85 minute gay epic
that is so utterly bad
that it is a lot like a violent car crash ,
you know
it is awful
but you can not stop looking at it .
the ainchild of self proclaimed `` hollywood actor 
director ''
and may i add beached whale sam mraovich ,
this film is legendarily terrible .
let me give you a hint of how ego
driven this project was .
mr mraovich not only directed this film ,
he wrote it ,
produced it ,
executive produced it ,
scored it ,
edited it
and then finally starred in it .
this is a man so blinded by his own ego
and so believing of his non existent genius
that like someone with an ugly child
he fails to recognise
just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is.everything in this film fails on an epic level ,
the acting is the worst
you will ever witness ,
the plot is the most ridiculous ,
the editing and cinematography is the most amateur
and even the music is like nail on a chalkboard .
i am aware i have gone on a bit of a tangent here ,
but please believe me
that this film is really as bad
as i describe it ,
i would say
this film is horse crap squished into a film reel ,
but the truth is it was not even shot on film ,
it was shot on a digital camcorder not much better than the one
sitting in your closet right now gathering dust .
do not get me wrong ,
i forgive low budget for film provided the concept is interesting ,
for example as much as i disliked it the blair witch project proved
that low budget can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film .
ben and arthur does not have a good concept
to fall back on ,
even if this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with hollywood finest actor
it would still suck ,
the plot is that atrocious ,
and the character are even worse .
one of the main character arthur
who is portrayed by non other than sam mraovich
is one of the most whiny loathsome little turd ever put in a film .
you will dislike him within 5 minute of the start of the film and by the end of the film
that hate will have turned into outright loathing .
apparently mr mraovich forgot
that we are supposed to root for the hero.i do
not want to spoil all the gut busting hilarity
you will experience watching this film
( which i urge you not to pay for )
so i will give you two tame mild example of how stupid this film is 
tame and mild as in amongst the least offending mistake in the movie .
in one cut we hear one of the main character
say
how `` they know a good lawyer
and will give him a call ''
the shot fades out then fades back in and this him
they spoke of earlier is actually a woman 
quite a spectacular mistake
to make in post production i think .
the second is simple ,
second
after seeing
this transsexual lawyer the character are told to fly to vermont ,
we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm tree in a sunny area .
i have never been to vermont personally
but i am
certain you will not find any palm tree there.imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched
to nearly an hour and a half
combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10
and it still will not fully prepare you for ben and arthur .
imagine the absolute worst film you have seen in your life
and imagine it being even worse
and you still will not be on the same level as ben and arthur ,
this film is really
that bad.however we should be glad in a way ,
film like this are a true rarity .
they give us hope
that one day we can become film maker ourselves
or that we can be screenwriter .
simply because we will have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact
that we will know
that nothing we produce no matter
how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this.the real worst movie of all time
has finally been discovered ,
and it is called ben and arthur .
