i imagine
when hitchcock scholar and expert find themselves together ,
the talk is not of the master 's great film like `` north by northwest '' or `` stranger on a train '' ,
but a lesser-known effort like this one from 1931 
obscure and seriously flawed ,
which showcases the great director in fledgling form.emily and fred hill
( joan barry and harry kendall )
are a middle-class london couple scrimping
to stay ahead .
he begrudges their lot ;
she accepts it .
change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle ,
saying
he will set them up
so they can enjoy a life of globetrotting luxury .
they make plan for a world cruise .
but their problem have only begun.just ask richard hannay 
roger o. thornhill 
or marion crane .
well 
marion 's indisposed at the moment 
but you get the idea .
travel and hitchcock go together like moth and candlelight ,
setting one up for a perilous journey at best .
this is perhaps hitchcock 's earliest foray into this theme 
and not his most successful or memorable .
hitchcock try to mix comedy with another element ,
in this case domestic drama rather than suspense ,
but the two do not cohere ,
at least not here.the hill are a dull 
flat couple 
with no chemistry or personality .
when they find themselves at the foly berg\u00e8re 
in the form of cross-cutting with footage
that looks ten year older than the rest of this film ,
they are abashed at the outfit of the female performer .
`` the curtain 's gone up too soon ! ''
gasps emily .
`` they are not dressed .
`` when the hill drift away from each other on an ocean cruise ,
it seems a mercy killing more than a tragic thing ,
even if the person they partner off with
are drip 
too .
emily 's man 
gordon
( percy marmont )
carries around photographs of himself sitting next to empty chair ,
which he suggests be filled by emily .
fred 's girl `` the princess ''
( betty amann )
has clara bow 's eye and wallace beery 's five o'clock shadow .
there is also an obnoxious fellow passenger 
a dowdy spinster
whom hitchcock
always introduces with a cartoonish horn cue .
subtlety was still to come.everything is shot in an aupt manner 
with confusing blocking and strained dialogue .
hitchcock try for some early comedy with fred and his umella
that does not come off ,
and kendall seems to aim for laugh
while berry play for tear .
when fred and emily eak off 
they are seen being jostled on a pair of wedged-together rickshaws 
one of many clunky attempt at symbolism.emily 's the only vaguely sympathetic character ,
in part because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with gordon ,
but mostly because she is among the first of hitchcock 's many magnetic blonde ,
her platinum ringlet whipping around her face like a botticelli aboard the open deck of a chinese junk near the film 's conclusion.matter conclude with a dangerous situation as set-piece for the protagonist
to come to grip with ,
and presumably repair their relationship .
only they are not active participant in the resolution ,
and except for the fate of a friendly cat 
nothing about the ending resonates.at least you get some enjoyable view of london in the early 1930s ,
and a chance to see hitchcock
when he was still working for food .
`` rich and strange '' is hitchcock paying his due ,
and learning his trade 
one for scholar but not casual film goer .
