the haunting ,
if you have seen the original ,
you know a great ghost story ,
it is perfection on film .
it is a haunting tale of 4 person
who go into a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movement ,
it terrified person .
it still remains effective to this day
if you appreciate film .
so when the haunting was remade in 1999 ,
a lot of person pretty much had the same reaction `` what ?
why ?
what the '' but in my opinion
if a remake is respectful enough
and just wants to reinvent the story for the newer generation ,
i am pretty cool with it .
this is definitely not the case ,
this is just a disrespectful boring shame
that will waste your time and i guarantee will deliver no scare pfft !
pg-13 
what where they thinking ?
not much apparently.when her mother dy and her sister evicts her 
nell receives a phone call ,
telling her about an ad for an insomnia study run by doctor david marrow at hill house 
a secluded manor .
upon arrival 
nell meets mr. and mrs. dudley 
a strange pair of caretaker
who do not stay on the property after dark .
shortly thereafter 
two other participant in the study arrive 
wild theo and `` bad sleeper '' luke sanderson along with doctor marrow .
unknown to the participant ,
doctor marrow 's true purpose is to study the psychological response to fear .
each night 
the caretaker chain the gate outside hill house ,
preventing anyone from getting in or out until morning ,
when the caretaker open the lock .
there are no working telephone inside hill house
and the nearest town is several mile away .
doctor marrow revels the story of hill house .
the house was built by hugh crain ,
crain built the house for his wife ,
hoping to fill it with a large family full of child ,
however all of crain 's child died during birth .
crain 's wife killed herself
before the house was finished ,
and crain became a recluse .
the first night 
theo and nell begin to experience strange phenomenon within the house ,
including odd noise and inexplicable temperature change .
nell is confronted
after the main hallway is vandalized with the word `` welcome home 
eleanor '' ,
and becomes extremely distraught ,
setting out to prove
that the house is haunted by the souls of those victimized by crain 's cruelty .
she learns
that crain built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped child for slave labor and murdering them
when they were of no more use to him .
he then burned the body in the house 's fireplace
to hide any evidence .
she also learns
that crain had a second wife
named carolyn ,
of whom nell is descended .
everyone thinks
she is crazy
while nell is convinced this is where she belongs.seriously ,
i suggest you stay away from this film ,
it is really stupid and pointless .
not to mention the actress the played nell 
lili taylor completely annoyed me 
her performance 
her look ,
just everything about her ,
do not get me started on thing
i would do just to not see her in film again .
catherine zeta jone just did not fit in her role as well and liam neeson 
a wonderful actor wasted talent once again .
the effect are way over the top and too computerized ,
i just can not believe
that they would trash a wonderful classic with this crud .
believe me ,
if you are going to be afraid of something ,
be afraid of seeing
how you can turn a great ghost story into an annoying piece of overblown stupid .
oh 
this film is already hurting me ,
just do not see it ,
it is bad.1/10
