waldemar daninsky
( paul naschy )
travels to tibet
and is bitten by a yeti ,
which causes him to become a werewolf .
he is accidentally killed
after he attacks his cheating wife and her lover ,
and is later revived by a female scientist 
dr. ilona ermann ,
who uses him in mind control experiment .
daninsky later discovers an underground asylum
populated by the bizarre subject of the doctor 's failed experiment.upon hearing of naschy 's death from colleague jon kitley 
i rummaged through my collection for a suitable film to watch .
in my scramble 
i found i own not one but three
( ! )
copy of `` fury of the wolfman '' .
the film is of questionable video quality ,
the sound is dubbed in a mediocre fashion ,
the cinematography is sort of slapstick style at time .
and the american version have two love scene removed .
quite frankly ,
without a remastered 
uncut copy ,
i was not really getting the proper movie in all its glory.this film claim
to be the fourth in a long series about the werewolf count waldemar daninsky .
i suspect this is true ,
but you would not know this from the film itself .
the plot is confusing at time ,
and there is really no indication
that this is a sequel .
if you read the plot summary on wikipedia and compare them to what is printed on the box ,
you will see
that i am not alone in my confusion.perhap the film 's shortcoming can be forgiven
if we understand the production hell
it went through .
while floating around for year ,
it was only released in 1973 ,
due to problem involved
in finding a distributor .
and naschy said in his autobiography
that the director 
zabalza 
was an incompetent alcoholic ,
and that he hated working with him .
those really are not light accusation ,
and i have no idea
what zabalza had to say on his own behalf.chance are 
sooner or later you will come across a low-grade version of `` fury of the wolfman '' .
it appears in a variety of three-pack and box set ,
so you might accidentally acquire it and not even know .
what really needs to happen is an american uncut version 
with a decent sound and video mix ,
and the love scene thrown back in .
as far as i know 
this does not exist .
let us honor paul naschy 's legacy
and get his film to a wider audience in a level of quality
he deserves .
