as the faux-russian scientist says
two-third of the way into the movie 
`` i came for the science . ''
this pretty much sum up the reason
i watched this movie -
anything that involves a half-man 
half-hammerhead shark definitely deserves a serious empirical investigation on the part of an impartial aspiring scientist .
or ,
as they say in the biz ,
my girlfriend 's other had the remote
and the rest is history .
to say
that the special effect were bad would be a disservice to the field of special effect .
this is 2005 ,
it is not that hard to film a car scene
without a cheesy bluescreen background .
yeah 
this was charming and state of the art
when hitchcock was filming `` the bird ''
but in 2005 it just looks low budget .
spare me the cheap attempt at sci-fi
and do me the service of actually making an attempt at the willing suspension of disbelief.however ,
having seriously defamed the overall concept of this film ,
let me tell you again that ,
as sad
as it may sound ,
this is probably worth your time .
if nothing else ,
it is a tour de force of bad sci-fi -
worth the education for the new movie buff and certainly worthy of a refresher course for those
who have seen a few movie in their day.the crazy hunchback mad scientist with a hammerhead transceiver
who thinks
it is a good idea to spoon canful of blood into the nearby water makes me question not only the intelligence of mankind ,
but also the ability of `` b '' movie writer
to come up with remotely plausible plot line.this film
also pretty much fulfills one of my longtime bad movie contention - bad guy always wear sunglasses.if this were not 2005 ,
i would be deadset on the fact
this film was some sort of insanely poor metaphor for the cold war .
i mean 
you might as well have khan on the idge of a klingon bird of prey inserting leach into chekhov 's ear.one of the most moving line of the movie
is when the chick
without the a insist
that the charlton heston lookalike 
`` wait for tom ''
as he is trying to lift the escape helicopter off the ground .
the thing is ,
tom is wasting the bad sunglass guy with his never-ending banana clip
attached to his kalashnikov 
or ak-47 ,
in layman 's terms.as the mad scientist says
near the end of the film ,
`` my goal is to evolve the human species ''
- suffice it to say
that this movie contributed only to a devolution of humankind .
the faint freudian reference uttered by the mad scientist
as he prepping the female protagonist
to be mated with a hammerhead shark
are a simple reminder
that even in the worst of science fiction we can all find something to laugh about .
