`` the leap year '' is a movie adapted from an e-novella by singapore writer catherine lim ,
which became the first singapore novel/novella
to be sold over the internet .
the film had a tortuous post-production schedule :
shot in early 2005 ,
it was slated for release at the end of 2005 ,
but only turn up eventually 3 year later ,
on the 29th feuary 2008 
a leap year.before i say anything ,
i must first admit i am no fan of the romance genre ,
so i may be a little biased against this film -
i watched it merely
because it was a singapore production ,
and that it is available for borrowing at my neighborhood liary .
here is my two cent on the movie.let 's just start
by saying
that other than qi yu-wu 's ks and wong li-lin 
everybody here of note seems to be a eurasian .
the love interest is a eurasian
( ananda everingham ) ,
and wong 's trio of buddy are all 
er-hem 
eurasian .
does this film perpetuate the stereotype
that falling in love and associating with eurasian
are more `` in '' than the common chinese
( or whatever asian race you are ? )
i do not know ,
it sure seems that way .
also 
everyone in the movie speaks in some mystical `` anglified '' accent
which does not exist anywhere ,
certainly not in singapore .
it is the kind of `` semi-perfect english ''
that authority would like us speak ,
but which does not exist anywhere outside 
say 
the mtv channel .
the effect is that the dialog of the movie sounds forced and stilted 
not helped by the lack of true-blue singaporean in the cast.the scriptwriter seems to be trying too hard to string one-liner after one-liner .
after twenty minute 
the `` wit '' of the movie starts to pall and the film starts serving up its usual plate of clich\u00e9s .
i guess
i did not enjoy the movie
because the entire premise of sustaining a love affair over 16 long year seems unbelievable .
there are other incredulity in the film .
i can not for one believe
that ks
( played by qi yu-wu )
would fall for one of wong 's girlfriend .
and the scene
where the idegroom says ,
`` go ,
before i change my mind 
''
has been used in a hundred east asian
( korean 
chinese 
hong kong 
taiwanese etc )
tv serial ... so 4 star for this film .
the production value is fair ,
and wong li-lin try her best ,
but she is not helped by the script .
joan chen has a 15-minute bit-part in the movie as the older wong
and is perhaps the best actress of the lot ,
but 
hey 
her role is just cameo.if you come across `` the leap year '' in the rental or liary ,
you may want to pop it in the dvd player for curiosity 's sake 
but otherwise 
for person
who do not exactly enjoy the romance genre ,
you can decide whether or not to give it a miss .
