secret sunshine marks the return of director lee changdong to the film-making world after a multi-year absence .
having three critically acclaimed film already under his belt ,
he recruits now veteran thespian jeon doyeon and her considerable
( cannes-winning )
talent for the primary role of lee shinae .
what follows is a journey through one woman 's tragedy and an exploration of her coping mechanisms.one of the thing
that becomes apparent
while watching secret sunshine is that it does not really care to follow any specific genre ,
but rather picks up genre trait
when necessary to convey what it is trying to convey .
the story itself follows lee shinae
as she moves with her son to the city of milyang
( whose sino-corean translate to secret sunshine ) .
she moves to milyang in the aftermath of the death of her husband
as it was his hometown ,
so the film is born from tragedy .
and you think
thing might just get better
as she opens up a piano shop and encounters a bit of a bumbling nice-guy mechanic jongchan
( played by song kangho ) .
but this is not a romantic comedy.as we
( and jongchan 
doggedly )
follow shinae
as she encounters milyang and the fate
that it has in store for her ,
the crack in her armor quickly become apparent .
she is a troubled woman
trying to grasp onto her own strength to overcome tragedy and we watch
as she finds
that it is not enough .
secret sunshine still manages to follow a mostly aristotelian dramatic arc ,
but pulls back on the catharsis ,
which might confound some viewer 
especially the ending ,
but the novelistic symbolism present in the name of milyang ,
the discussion of sunshine and the imagery used in the film very well left me satisfied ,
once i started to think over the film some more.ms .
jeon is rather impressive throughout ,
especially considering
that
if the role were any less well played ,
it would 've quickly turned into a rather painful melodrama ,
but she captures the nuance of shinae 's attempt to deal with her loss with a layer of subtlety .
mr. song has a much smaller role in this film than other film ,
but he performs adequately ,
appropriately giving stage to ms. jeon .
technically 
the film is well done in a classical sense .
no flashy aesthetic are employed here
-- the director is clearly trying to let the story tell itself .
i think my only real complaint 
and one
that might not be able to be fixed ,
is that
despite all the time
we spend with shinae ,
there is a bit of distance between shinae and the audience
( or at least 
me ) .
i think
some of this stems from the nature of the work ,
because if total empathy were pushed ,
then we would not be able to see the problem
that shinae has objectively .
on the other hand 
i never felt moved along with shinae 's plight ,
despite her many tear and increasingly erratic behavior.all the same ,
the film still stands quite impressive ,
especially in that it stimulated me to think about it ,
the further meaning present in it and its rumination on tragedy 
coping 
self-deception 
isolation and faith stuck with me well
after the credit had finished running .
propelled by a strong lead performance ,
i honestly did not notice its 2.25 hour runtime .
and that says something .
well done .
8/10 .
