just saying
you have got a movie about john holme is a guarantee
to get some folk in front of the screen ,
but writer/director jame cox deliver oh so much more .
a `` rashamon '' of the sleazy hollywood set 
the film splitters the july 1981 wonderland murder through a variety of angle
( and film stock ) ,
but mostly through the filter of john holme ' coked out weasel ain .
in a film full of bad guy holme is either the most vile 
the most pathetic or both .
several version of the story emerge and merge as cox flash jump cut and twisting title card amid effect and emoting .
the dialogue is fast and naturalistic
and never once rings false .
while the film takes place two year
after holme had fallen out of porn and into a truly wicked drug fueled depravity 
kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality
so intense it can be measured in inch .
this sexuality at its edge creates a sense of foreboding
that hang over the entire film almost as heavily as the violence at its center .
those murder are teased at through the whole film
though are never clearly shown 
not even at the climax ,
though the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood is splattered across wall and crime scene photo .
once again val kilmer as holme shows
he can act wacko better than anyone else working .
strutting 
cringing 
agging or begging 
kilmer is constantly in character
and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck .
stand out performance beside kilmer definitely include ted levine as the lead cop in the investigation and lisa kudrow as holme estranged wife .
the trio of criminal holme fall in with include the frighteningly high energy josh lucas 
the ever interesting timothy blake nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable dylan mcdermott in a pivotal role
as the teller yet another version of the murder .
cox suggests
that no matter how much we learn about wonderland ,
there is always a worse version possible ,
but looking through the debauchery surrounding
it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth .
