luchino visconti was light year ahead of his contemporary .
the great director of italy of the 40s and 50s were man
who understood the medium ,
but it was luchino visconti 
a man of vision ,
who dared to ing a film like to show
what he was capable of doing .
he clearly shows his genius early on in his distinguished career with `` ossessione '' 
a film
based on jame cain 's `` the postman always ring twice '' ,
which was later made by hollywood ,
but that version pales in comparison with what visconti achieved in the movie .
luchino visconti and his collaborator on the screen included an uncredited alberto moravia 
a man
who knew about the effect of passion on human beings.the film
has been well preserved in the dvd format
we watched recently .
the film is a must for all serious movie fan
because we can see
how visconti 's vision translated the text into a movie
that ring true in a plausible way ,
something the american version lacked.what comes across
watching the movie ,
is the intensity
which the director got from his key player .
the magnificent clara calamai does an amazing job as giovanna 
the woman
who has married an older man ,
but
when gino appears in her life ,
all she wants to do is rid herself of the kind man
who gave her an opportunity in life .
giovanna is one of the best creation in ms. calamai 's achievemants in the italian cinema .
the last sequence of the film shows ms. calamai at her best in the ironic twist
that serves as the moral redemption for the monstrous crime
that was committed.equally excellent
is massimo girottus 
one of the best actor of his generation
who appears as gino ,
the hunky man
that awakens the obsessive passion in giovanna .
gino is the perfect man for giovanna ,
something
that mr. girottus project with such ease and sophistication not equaled before in the screen .
mr. girottus makes the man come alive in a performance
that seems so easy ,
yet with another actor it might not have been so apparent .
juan delanda is seen as giuseppe 
the older man
who fell in love with giovanna .
in fact 
his character ring truer than his counterpart in the american film ,
where he is seen more
as a buffoon.the film is beautifully photographed by domanic scala and aldo tonti .
they gave the film a naturalistic look
that was the way italian director of the era favored .
the original musical score of giuseppe rosati is perfect .
visconti 
a man
who loved opera
and was one of the best director ,
also includes aria by bizet and verdi
that fit well in the context of the movie .
`` ossessione '' is a film to treasure
because we see a great luchino visconti at the top of his form .
