many critic have felt offended that r.w .
fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist wilkie and the nazis in this movie in a human-like manner .
connoisseur of other fassbinder film 
however 
will realize
that `` lili marleen ''
( 1981 )
belongs to fassbinder 's `` woman movie '' like `` the marriage of maria braun ''
( 1979 )
and `` lola ''
( 1981 ) .
fassbinder was convinced
that `` story can be told much better with woman than with man '' ,
because ,
according to fassbinder ,
while man usually fulfill their determined role in society ,
`` woman are capable of thinking in a dialectic manner '' .
dialectic 
however 
mean
that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis like usually in our black-and-white world ,
but a synthesis where the opposition coincide .
moreover 
dialectic mean that
because of the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished .
concretely speaking :
starting from a dialect point of view and portraying the fascist state ,
the underground fighter must necessarily use the basic mean like the ruler do ,
and between offender and victim there is thus a chiastic relation ,
so that every offender is also victim
and every victim is also offender .
fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme ,
that transcends classical logic 
in his play `` the city 
the garbage and the death ''
( 1975 )
which was filmed by daniel schmid under the title `` shadow of angel ''
( 1976 )
.therefore ,
approaching an a priori controversial topic like nazi germany 
in a dialectic manner 
the depiction of this time in the form of a movie gets even more controversial 
especially for person
who can not or do not want to see
that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light-switch schema ,
but needs the third instance of synthesis
as controlling instance of its opposite member thesis and antithesis .
the mutual relationship between offender and victim has to scrutinized ,
since it is simply not true that the offender are the bad one and the victim the good one .
in a synthetic viewpoint 
the bad one participate on the goodness
as the good one participate on the badness .
they are mutually related .
in a world-view based on classical logic 
a relation between good and bad can not even been established ,
and in an ethic based on this insufficient system of logic 
the bad conscience of the survivor of nazi germany 
feeling
( illogically enough )
responsible for the deed of their ancestor ,
exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extreme
and thus a synthesis in the form a new evaluation
based on this relationship as well .
from fassbinder 's dialectic viewpoint 
it follows
that neither lili marleen nor lola nor maria braun can be condemned for their `` misuse '' of the ruling system for their private purpose ,
because they do not misuse them ,
they just use them .
in the opposite 
since victim must repeat the action of the offender
as the offender must repeat the action of the victim ,
because `` good '' and `` bad '' are no longer simple mirror image of one another like in two-valued logic ,
their strategy are legitimated by the chiastic structure of a logic
that describes our world ,
that is not black and white at all 
much better than a black-and-white logic .
