soon american would swarm over a darkened ,
damaged england preparing to invade europe ,
but in 1937 the picture of hip american in the sunny 
slightly ridiculous english countryside was an appealing 
idyllic diversion .
american dancing star and heartthrob jerry halliday
( astaire ) ,
on a european tour and weary of the screaming female crowds
generated by the lurid propaganda of his manager
( burn ) 
is unwittingly caught up in the marriage prospect of frustrated heiress lady alice marshmorton
( fontaine ) .
the tale is complicated by a betting pool among the marshmorton servant
that is run by ( and rigged for )
head butler keggs
( gardiner ) ,
who 's betting on lady alice 's cousin reggie
( noble ) ,
the favorite of alice 's stuffy 
domineering aunt
( collier ) .
the story would have been much better as a half-hour tv episode .
the usual wodehouse plot device of mistaken identity and jump to wrong conclusion wear thin in a full-length film .
both alice and jerry appear impossibly
( and annoyingly )
clueless by the second half of the film .
the amusement park interlude and the climax in the castle are too long
and begin to drag .
fontaine is too beautiful 
too dignified and too quiet
to be a ditzy blonde ,
no matter how aristocratic ,
while young footman albert
( watson )
is painfully awful .
but while `` damsel '' is a pretty diminutive vehicle for so much talent ,
the talent does not let us down .
astaire 's romantic comedy skill is no less enjoyable here than in any of his film with ginger roger and his dance scene 
both solo and with burn and allen 
are up to par ,
though his one dance with novice hoofer joan is necessarily tame .
gracie nearly steals the whole show as george 's bubbly secretary
who is at once airheaded 
conniving and coolly self-confident .
her scene with solid character actor gardiner
as the devious snob keggs is a one-of-a-kind classic .
this and astaire 's priceless scene with the madrigal singer give `` damsel '' a delightful color of naive
but noble-spirited american
mixing with noble but dull-spirited englishman .
gershwin is at the top of his game with `` nice work
if you can get it ''
and `` stiff upper lip 
''
which carry the film through its weak point .
and is there another film
where madrigal get a gershwin swing treatment ?
`` damsel '' is more than a piece of trivia for those
who might want to see astaire
without roger or fontaine
before she was a real star .
it is a fine diversion as entertaining as any of the vaudevillian musical comedy
that ruled the 1930s
but will never be made again .
