honestly 
i find this film almost too depressing for my own good .
it is very depressing until pretty much the very end .
there is no way
i can justify passing judgement to any character
who did thing
i did not like ( well 
except for the disgusting character
played by fredrick forrest ) .
but it is still so frustrating to see person behaving this way ,
putting up wall around themselves
when just a word or so could eak the ice and promote healing.a horrible tragedy strikes a montana family .
they believe
they have lost one son ,
but it turns out
they have lost 2. the key is ,
if they just communicate and face their grief together ,
they will not end up losing their second son permanently.but
they just can not .
something is blocking this family from sharing their sorrow .
some family retreat into silence and resentment
while certain other point finger of blame
( and then go ahead and cheat on their poor pregnant wife
by seducing the pretty girlfriend of the deceased ...
that andy character truly is a snake ! )
the only member of the family
that is not threatening arnold in some way
is his grandpa
( wilford brimley ) .
grandpa seems to be able to speak to the boy without judgement or even kid glove .
he seems to know
what the child is thinking about even though arnold is not saying much these day .
it is truly a blessing for the poor kid
to have that one someone he can turn to .
no one else seems to grasp the fact
that arnold might be in shock 
in denial ,
or that his way of grieving may not be the same style 
or at the same speed ,
as they would expect .
it is so easy to judge
and to be angry
and to feel
someone is `` made of stone ''
just
because they do not grieve in a way
we believe
they ought.the story is very quiet and naturalistic .
you are not going to get some spoon-fed narration or some hollywood feel-good resolution .
i was very concerned by the fact
that this child was so burdened with guilt
that
he felt
it necessary to hitchhike several hundred mile to apologize
to that piggy andy 's wife 
for something he should not blame himself for .
arnold may have accidentally killed his other ,
but nobody is responsible for the end of that marriage ,
which apparently was a lousy one anyway 
except for the two person in the marriage .
it is only dumb luck arnold did not get into the car with a pedophile or a murderer.robert duvall and glenn close are frustratingly effective as the parent
who somehow can not find it in themselves to communicate with their son ,
to find out what arnold is going through .
jason presson ,
whom i have not seen anywhere else except for a childhood favorite
called explorer and a creepy ghost story
called the lady in white ,
did an incredible job as arnold 
a great performance from a child actor.aside from being somewhat slow at time ,
the stone boy is an excellent 
and very depressing movie .
