this is my favorite jackie chan movie and in an interview ,
jackie said
it was his favorite as well .
it contains some unbelievable stunt and jaw dropping fight sequence as well
as some very funny scene as well .
this movie was a favorite of brandon lee ,
who used part in rapid fire ,
and was also lifted in tango and cash ,
which used some of the opening scene.jackie plays a policeman in hong kong .
the story immediately jump into a fantastic chase through a shanty town
and continues as jackie slides down a hill
and jump onto a moving bus
to catch the evil ku
( who is one of the greatest villain in any jackie chan movie . )
you can expect some very funny scene
as jackie try to balance his duty as a policeman with his girl friend ,
played by maggie chung .
his job is to protect ku 's secretary
who has enough information
to take him down ,
but even that poses many problem .
jackie is at his absolute best here .
the last fight scene at the mall is my favorite fight scene by anyone - period .
it was the most intense fight i
have ever seen jackie do and climaxes in a slide down a pole amidst exploding light .
all in all 
one of his greatest stunt he ever did
and left him with skin pealed off his hand .
he was fortunate
he was not electrocuted as the person in charge of the stunt used high voltage instead of a lower voltage.all in all 
another chan classic and definitely one of his greatest movie .
by the end of this movie ,
you can tell
he held absolutely nothing back
and neither did his stuntman .
so many of his stuntman were injured during this movie
that nobody would insure them anymore -
jackie had to take responsibility himself .
there are no gimmick 
wire or stand-in -
it is all true-life action
that is a treat to watch .
it is this type of action
that made him the phenomenon
that he is
and it is a movie
that will amaze person 100 year from now .
if you have not seen this movie
and are a fan of jackie chan or action in general ,
give yourself a treat and watch this movie .
it is truly sensational .
