grand epic
as it is ,
kenneth branagh 's monumental rendering of what is perhaps william shakespeare 's most popular tragedy suffer under the weight of its four hour playing time
and certainly takes some real staying power .
two entirely separate sitting would most likely be better in order to fully appreciate what is certainly high class film making .
while i absolutely acknowledge this masterpiece as such ,
i must confess to a lack of enthusiasm for the old bard flamboyance 
his rhetoric
( and he sends himself up so well )
and his many flourish .
thus `` hamlet '' loses its impact
as it loses its grip.from patrick doyle 's music to alex thomson 's cinematography to tim harvey 's exquisite set ,
the movie is a feast of visual and aural delight ,
which compliments a fine cast .
branagh has taken on three huge mantel 
adapting 
directing and playing .
his adaptation is superb 
his direction strong ,
but by the time
he got to the role of hamlet ,
the strain seemed to be showing ;
yet still he does a fine job in what is an incredibly taxing role .
derek jacobi gobbles up the sinister claudius with glee ,
and julie christie is most dramatic as his queen 
gertrude .
richard brier is marvellous as polonius ,
and charlton heston is once again a strong screen influence as the player king .
many other drop by ,
including jack lemmon
( superb in a very small role ) ,
billy crystal 
dame judi dench 
sir john mill 
sir john gielgud 
sir richard attenborough and gerard depardieu .
the acting prize
though must go to one of the great thespian discovery of recent year 
kate winslet .
her is a moving portrayal of the most tragic figure in this whole affair ,
ophelia.to finish
( before this review goes on longer than the film ) ,
i must say
it is the length
that really tests the viewer in this movie .
branagh has directed with purpose ,
giving many important 
impacting scene .
too many of them outstay their welcome .
watching this film holds a fantastic reminder of the many pearl of wisdom
we have garnered from it .
`` neither a lender nor a borrower be ''
or `` be true to thyself '' .
and of course :
`` to be or not to be '' .the
opening two hour does take some perseverance ,
but if you do manage to stay tuned
you are sure to be treated to a rousing finale
which gather momentum from the tragic funeral onward.monday 
june 8 
1998 - hoyts croydon
