i have seen a lot of ppv 's in the past
but this is the most entertaining 
intense ppv and the most complete dvd i have ever seen .
the dvd extra are worth it
because they it gives a different view
of how the wrestler act after the show
( such as the chris benoit interview/edge interview ) ,
some glimpse into the monday night war era 
the first match of hogan winning tag title gold and some promotional talk .
additionally there is a good music video.1 .
tag team table match :
bubby ray and spike dudley vs. eddie guerro and chris benoit 7/10 this was a pretty good intense match
to start off the show .
not too many holds
and just pure raw physicallity .
spike can hold his own in table match
and guerro and benoit gave good pure wrestling skill on the mat .
2. wwe crusierweight championship :
jamie noble w/ nidia v. billy kidman 3/10
the crowd really did not care about either wrestler
and did not get interested until kidman did a shooting star press .
usually person expect a lot of high flying in a cruiser weight championship ,
but this had very little .
in fact it was so bad
that
when noble hit his finisher 
no one even cared or knew
( you can tell by the lack of camera 's flashing ) .
the ending was quick though .
3. wwe european championship :
jeff hardy v. william regal 5/10 i have never really liked regal as a wrestler ,
he lack intensity and style .
hardy was impressive
but really did not get a chance
to show off his high flying act ,
although he still performed some good counter
and added
that needed fast pace to the match .
it ended off quickly
which was perfect for this match .
4. john cena v. chris jericho 6/10
it is funny looking back at cena 's very first ppv ,
how he used to act ,
how he used to dress ,
and how he used to look
( watch his interview ,
it is pretty funny ) .
this was a good intense match with cena
showing a nice variety of holds 
suplex 
counter and some aerial .
jericho was sub-par
but definitely helped cena launch his career .
cena wins.5 .
wwe intercontenital championship :
rvd v. brock lesnar 8/10 this was a very intense and good match .
both wrestler styles really matched up well on the screen 
with brock pure power and raw energy vs. rvds skill full move and quickness .
rvd looked great in this match
( better than his later match with edge and cena )
and the entire match was fast pace .
the ending worked perfectly
because it still preserved brock 's undefeated streak
while giving rvd his just dessert in his home state.6 .
no disqualification match :
booker t v. big show 7/10 another solid match
that lacked a certain intensity as the rvd match
but still a good follow up .
although it started off kinda slow
( which it always is with big show )
booker t was impressive
and did a sick move on the announcer table .
the finisher was awesome ,
the ending was a great upset and big move up for booker t.7 .
wwe tag team championship :
hogan and edge v. christian and lance storm 5/10 this was a mediocre match .
hogan comes out like usual to a huge pop
but his variety of move lack
that intensity and energy .
then again christian does not exactly have the greatest athletic ability himself .
this ended up being a mediocre match at best
but was still ok for ppv .
8. triple threat match for the undisputed championship :
10/10 .
rock v. undertaker v. kurt angle.easily the match of the year .
this is by far the best triple threat match
i have ever seen .
it had close fall 
plenty of finisher 
stolen finisher 
raw energy 
intensity and fast pace .
no one could predict
who would come out of this one .
if your going to buy this dvd i
would buy it strictly for this match .
( ending ?
watch for yourself !
) overall this was a solid ppv with plenty of extra goody
to keep you watching again and again .
although this is hard to find
( i had to pay a little more than usual for this dvd )
it is definitely worth your money .
