over the past year 
uwe boll has shown marginal improvement as a filmmaker 
cranking out the competent `` in the name of the king ''
( a `` lord of the ring '' clone )
and the proudly vulgar 
post-9/11 satire `` postal . ''
but then came `` seed 
''
and the counter was reset to zero ,
keeping his bid for legitimacy and respect
that much further out of reach .
and i am a fan of the guy\u0096his film exhibit a uniquely screwball vision ,
and are never dull.spawned from his frustration over the savage notices his early film received 
`` seed '' is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary 
and an even worse jab
at creating an iconic slasher mythology
( boll often seems to be taking a page from rob zombie 's successful reboot of `` halloween '' ) .
the antagonist is maxwell seed
( will sanderson ) ,
a mute 
hulking ute
who 's slain 666 person
and sit on death row 
awaiting execution ;
after unsuccessfully frying the beast ,
he rises from the grave
to seek revenge on those
who put him there ...
and so begins a string of wholly gratuitous mayhem.trying
to create a new-millennium slasher in the vein of michael myer or jason voorhee ,
max seed is too nondescript and boring to leave an impression ,
ultimately resembling a washed-up pro wrestler doing `` the toolbox murder '' on a succession of equally boring victim .
furthermore 
seed 's character and boll 's `` message '' run contrary to one another :
the death penalty is wrong 
sure ,
but are we really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer
who 's left a couple hundred corpse in his wake ?
i think not.meanwhile 
michael pare act like a listless 
long-lost other to jame remar 's character on `` dexter '' :
a cop
who sit at his desk a lot ,
thumbing through newspaper clipping ,
and watching pointless stop-motion scene of decomposing animal and person
trapped in seed 's lair .
by the time he and a bunch of cardboard cop storm seed 's hideout 
the sequence is so drawn-out 
ill-conceived
( the lighting is almost non-existent ) ,
and unexciting
( despite a healthy dose of gore )
that it almost put me to sleep.the shoddy film-making
is not limited to just that sequence :
`` seed '' appears to have been shot by a drunken cinematographer 
since the camera bobs and weaves endlessly 
a technique
that is more stomach-turning than the gore itself ;
these protracted takes of very little happening only draw attention to the meandering 
almost non-existent narrative .
at 90 minute 
the film is distended enough
to be considered a form of torture ,
which might have been boll 's intent all along.pure genius ...
i guess
the joke 's on me .
