i just came back from the montreal premiere of zero day ...
and i am surprised
as hell to find a negative comment on the movie .
basically the blame is about coccio doing an easy and overplayed social message ... well 
mr-i am-a-reviewer ,
it is an easy and overplayed critic of movie with a social charge.not
that i want to expose my life here ,
but i come from a small town with a similar school
than these guy go .
reject and ignorance on the menu .
thing is ... i understand
how can young kid can be driven to do such horror .
high school have became battle field of conformity .
it is a real ugly sight .
you need to fight your way into being like the other .
it is hard to explain ,
bit a lot of person dose n't realize
that high school are becoming cemetery of human intelligence .
meanwhile 
parent are closing their eye
and smiling about how their life in their comfortable suburb is perfect.the real motive of the movie is not about what is driving them .
it is about this death-like calm suburb
and everybody closing their eye
and trying to create this atmosphere of a perfect town .
cal expressed it well .
it is a wake up call .
drama is everywhere
and it can take every shape .
in that case little dramas
( like andre being called a faggot for wearing a j.c penny shirt )
are shaping into being the worse nightmare of a whole town .
andre and cal took the most extreme way
to express their pain .
the malaise of unconformity in an era where you need more than ever to be like the other
to be accepted.i like particularly the last scene
where some guy are burning the cross of andre and cal ,
like if with the pain they communicated 
cal and andre have communicated their blind rage to their community ,
their refusal to think about the cause of some act .
it might seemed aggressive as a movie ,
but coccio is meditating more than whining or enunciating .
what andre and cal are living is a reality ... and a scary one
that might get to other kid .
disturbing movie ... home
making and strong feeling
made ben coccio
do a very very disturbing movie .
