john hughe wrote a lot of great comedy in the '80 .
`` european vacation '' is not one of them .
the follow-up to hughe ' first big hit `` vacation ''
( 1983 ) ,
is about as predictable 
unfunny and annoying
as they come
-- no matter how much you love the dumb but romantic clark and ellen griswold
( chase and d'angelo )
.i greatly enjoyed `` vacation '' as well as the third film 
1989 's `` christmas vacation 
''
but the griswold 's trip to europe is bland and forced .
perhaps because this was hughe ' first attempt at a sequel
that he did not get it ,
but it is really dumbfounding how uninspired and devoid of a story `` european vacation '' is .
there is no through story :
the griswold win a game show
for being `` greedy little pig ''
and go on a tour of europe through england 
france 
germany and italy .
even the screwball physical humor
that is the trademark of the first loses all effect
because you see it coming ,
which is part director amy heckerling 's fault .
the `` fast time at ridgemont high '' director set everything up too predictably.maybe
it was hughe taking a cheap shot
because he was put up to the sequel .
`` european vacation '' takes great pride in insulting american
( recall the greedy little pig game show
they win ) ,
especially tourist ,
represented by the cornball griswold family .
it also pats itself on the back implicitly saying
`` oh us griswold ,
we are always getting into something
because our dad is an idiot . ''
then in nearly comic fashion it ends with a tribute to america
and how grateful the griswold are to return to such a better country .
if hughe was going for satire
and meant to do it in the form of a bad movie ,
well maybe i should award this 8/10 star.it is not just the unfunniness 
but `` european vacation '' boasts the two worst actor to play kid rusty and audrey
( jason lively and dana hill ) .
they are both annoying and obnoxious ,
with the unattractive and loud-mouthed audrey blubbering about the boyfriend
she is left behind nearly the entire film .
hughe even goes as far
as to have her comment about missing him right
as she observes a giant atwurst .
quite tasteful .
speaking of 
east are flashed in two different scene for no good reason
( unless it was to comment on american ' love of gratuitous nipple in their comedy )
.i will give the film one of its two star thank to eric idle of the monty python crew ,
whose cameo at a few different point in the film
where he recites line directly from `` holy grail ''
is about the funniest part .
if hughe intended for us to find one of the film 's only non- american actor as the only funny part 
then another tip of the hat
to him for ripping open the underbelly of hollywood comedy in the '80 .
still 
would it have hurt for him to do that
while making it entertaining ?
