once again 
disney manage to make a child 's movie
which totally ignores its background .
about the only thing common with this and the original gadget cartoon is the name .
the most glaring error are the character
-
penny does not have her book ,
brain has been reduced from a character to a fancy prop ,
dr claw is more a show-off than an evil villain 
etc .
but there are more than that .
the horror start from the first minute of the film -
having gadget as a security guard
called john brown
does not help identifying him as the classic inspector gadget .
and right in the beginning we see disney 's blatant attempt
to turn every story
ever into a love affair between a man and a woman -
they introduce brenda ,
who only serves to make this movie disney-compatible .
add to this the fact
that the `` claw ''
seen in this film and the classic dr claw
are almost diagonally opposite
and you will see this is going to be nowhere near the original storyline .
what would help would be a better storyline
to replace it -
but as you guessed 
disney failed in that too .
the whole movie is just gadget acting silly for silliness 's sake and lusting after brenda .
as if to add insult to the injury ,
disney introduced the `` new '' gadgetmobile -
it does not look 
function
or think like the old gadgetmobile at all ,
it is just the canonical `` comic relief '' figure .
disney obviously recognised
that the gadget cartoon were a comedy ,
so they made the film a comedy too ,
but they took out all the clever running gag
( like the assignment paper exploding in the chief 's face )
and replaced them with gadget being a moron ,
the gadgetmobile being a wise-ass ,
and `` claw '' showing off .
someone should tell disney
that `` child 's movie '' does not imply `` total lack of any ain usage '' .
gadget should be targeted for child of 10-12 year ... not child of 10-12 month like this movie .
whatever this movie is supposed to be ,
it is not 
repeat not 
the real inspector gadget .
because i love the old gadget ,
i hate this .
