if hollywood is to be believed ,
being in the the navy is nothing but a bludge .
though the sailor may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean ,
it seems
that their oceanic duty are completely non-existent ,
and somehow fred astaire finds enough free time during the day
to offer dancing class to a fleet of would-be romantic .
such is the world of astaire and roger .
mark sandrich 's previous film 
'top hat
( 1935 ) ,
' completely ignored the great depression
that was then inging america to its knee ,
and presented audience with a glittering world of the rich and famous ;
it was the film 's optimistic outlook on life
that perhaps contributed to its success .
likewise 
here sandrich deliberately forgets
that the life of a naval officer is difficult and draining ,
and instead substitutes the duty of a sailor with an assortment of catchy lightweight musical number .
`` bake '' baker
( astaire )
and sherry martin
( roger )
are two former dance partner
whose romantic relationship fell apart
after the latter rejected a marriage proposal .
after bake return from several year of duty in the navy ,
he finds sherry as dance hostess in an unsophisticated san francisco ballroom .
while the two former lover alternately attempt to woo
and rebuff each other ,
sherry 's plain 
music-teacher sister
( harriet hilliard ,
looking really quite pretty )
receives a complete makeover and try to charm superficial sailor bilge `` bilgey '' smith
( randolph scott ) .
there are plenty of the usual screwball comedy shenanigan 
a few moment of mistaken identity 
and even a hilarious trained monkey
that steals every scene
it is in .
particularly amusing is the scene
in which bake sabotages a performer 's audition
in order to create a window for his estranged girl ;
unluckily for both of them 
it is an unfortunate sherry
who drinks the bicarbonate of soda
and loses her ability
to sing .
'follow the fleet
( 1936 )
' was the fifth winning collaboration between fred astaire and ginger roger 
and the third
( of five )
in which sandrich directed the pair .
irving berlin provided the film 's music and lyric ,
and each musical number is enjoyably lighthearted and entertaining ,
even if they are not quite as memorable as those in 'top hat
( 1935 ) ,
' 'swing time
( 1936 ) '
or 'shall we dance
( 1937 ) . '
astaire attempt to eak free from his typical rich-man-about-town persona ,
without much success ,
but it is hard to imagine the performer
without the boyish carefree charm
that could only accompany being considerably wealthy .
the side-plot of the romance between connie and bilge work well with the antic of the two main star 
and harriet hilliard
( wearing a unette wig
to avoid clashing with ginger 's blonde hair )
has a couple of emotional solo number ,
including `` get thee behind me satan 
''
which was originally written for 'top hat . '
