i am a big fan of morgan freeman .
'the shawshank redemption ' rank at the top of my all-time favorite movie .
but i have to admit
that i have often wondered about his choice of role .
so many of his title were big budget clich\u00e9s with no heart .
'10 item or less ' for me marks the return of freeman to a role
that truly showcases his considerable acting talents.freeman plays an unnamed ,
formerly big time hollywood actor
who has not worked in several year .
he has been offered a part in an unspecified indi picture
for which he is doing some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in la .
after being stranded there by his flaky driver ,
freeman is offered a ride home by checkout girl scarlet
( paz vega ) ,
whom he has semi-befriended .
before she can take him home 
however ,
scarlet has a big job interview
she needs to get to ,
and freeman agree to tag along in exchange for the ride.the movie follows scarlet and freeman to several location ,
but the movie is really just a character piece about the interaction between the two .
freeman is the quintessential disconnected hollywood type
who has not heard of target ,
and does not know his own telephone number or even what day of the week it is .
he spouts wisdom from the dalai lama filtered thru his 'the whole world is but a stage ' mentality ,
and repeatedly calls scarlet 's job interview an 'audition ' .
and yet he has a way with person 
a way
of affecting them
that extends beyond his fame .
he is a fan of humanity .
he study them ,
asks incessant question about them ,
and delight in their quirk where other would simply be annoyed .
in scarlet ,
he sees the stubborn 
proud loner
that he was ;
he sees the man
he used to be.scarlet 
for her part 
displays a fierce pride and sharp tongue
that serve to hide her own insecurity about herself .
vega plays the role with a connection to freeman
that skates the line between an almost daughterly love and physical attraction ,
although she plays it beautifully
and it is not at all as creepy as it sounds .
but even as she feels her connection to freeman grow ,
scarlet has a keen eye for the reality of their different world
and cut thru freeman 's hollywood bull*hit with a sharp pragmatism
that refuses to accept anything
but the truth.the movie is smart ,
funny 
and well written 
with dialogue
that is simple but effective .
i read one imdb review
that said
the line were 'stilted ' ,
which
i think
is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech .
there are no big soliloquy here 
no deep soul searching moment .
and so the trick is ,
i think ,
to show how person in ordinary ,
everyday life can forge connection with one another .
and i think
freeman and vega pull it off beautifully ,
painting a picture of a bond between two person
that glitter like sun on the ocean 
ethereal and elusive .
long after it is gone it lives on in your memory ,
tantalizing you with what might have been .
ok 
that was a bit flowery ,
but i really did like the performance and the movie .
i would definitely recommend it .
