i am dumbfounded .
yes that is right .
i am really caught here .
no way did i find it awful ,
but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in macae hysterical and murky incoherency .
the idea behind such a trim 
minimal low-budget indie production is not bad ,
but it is a confused muddle
and in the end did not do anything for me .
it is amateurish and simple ;
it wants to exploit beyond reasoning
and do so in that of-late fashionably rapid filming style .
we have the documentary laced
( hand-held )
camera moving everywhere
( despite never leaving the van ) ,
and sometime feeling unfocused and blurry making certain detail hard
to figure out .
lately you kind of get use to it ,
but there are time
when it does become too distracting and even nauseating .
keeping it still will help .
the context has little groundwork
( which has five teenage girl on their way home from a football game late at night
and becoming lost on the back road .
at a road-side store they become involved in a minor accident
which smashes an unoccupied suv headlight .
scared 
they flee and not too long that one-light suv appears behind them .
soon to make their night an unforgettable ordeal in terror )
spending most of the time playing out a drawn out 
noisy and relentless cat and mouse game .
as for being disturbing i guess
that depends .
some moment can make you squirm with its attention to pain 
desperation and demented utality
( with good use of piercing sound fx
that seem to be more favoured over the imagery
and not forgetting the alienating background sound effect ) ,
but also i found myself snickering too .
in passage it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual rush 
but hardly believable .
the injury of random character never seem as serious
like you were to believe ,
despite obviously
they should be .
watch how blood runs freely ,
but it is not entirely convincing
and can get dull .
the constant nocturnal car chase could only do so much
before getting repetitive .
we get screaming 
spewing 
bleeding 
running 
cursing 
body fluid and so on .
quite unpleasant detail followed too .
with little really to do ,
it needed a much stronger script than the measly forced one
that was penned up .
too many cringe-moment arose from it ,
and there was not much in the way of depth for the character and situation
they were in .
it was about set-piece ,
waiting for next torturous encounter
and it drew it out long enough .
helping out is it had an unpredictable pattern .
the performance ; jennifer barnett 
angela brunda 
danielle lilley 
sandra paduch and mia yi are workman-like with their distraught character
and draw an authentic chemistry
to make up for the script 's weakness in its character-foundation .
veronica garcia 's flipped-out 
bug-eyed intensity as the loony driver of the suv was something yeah something .
her character 's real motivation for terrorising the girl and her unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent .
i guess
being psychotic was good enough .
now probably the most unnerving thing
i came across in the feature
was that hideous soundtrack .
terrible techno music 
to cheesy hard-rock and an overwrought closing score .
it never felt overdone or got in the way ,
but it did stick out like a sore thumb .
co-director greg swinson and ryan thiessen try to get the most out of their slight resource ,
but even with it edgy spirit it ends up being something quite ramshackle .
maybe it was enjoyable to make ,
but watching it just was not the case .
