sensitive film does lack illiance and 
to some degree 
narrative structure ,
but is nevertheless superbly shot and performed .
however 
the narrative structure point is debatable .
while it gives the impression of tying off loose end nicely in the final scene ,
and connects its thought
with what might be described by the modern viewer as a `` story '' ,
i am sceptical as to whether this feel *needs* a `` narrative structure ''
that is definite and detectable .
inevitably 
it will be compared with somersault in that its central protagonist
( i am not sure
that is the correct word ! )
is a young 
and very young-looking 
woman ,
whose newly discovered sexuality both confuse and empower her -
although of course cate shortland 's film tackles this aspect better .
but while the possibility exists for reckless viewer to dismiss this film as a clich\u00e9 ,
peach is 
in some way 
much more ambitious than somersault .
perhaps that is where it does not quite make it .
it is certainly very different to monahan 's first feature - the interview !
i am not quite sure
how the sex scene between weaving and lung added to the story .
who knows -
maybe they did .
they certainly rammed home the compromised and flawed nature of weaving 's character -
although i personally think
this was achieved
without the need for these scene .
*****just saw the film again*********on a second viewing ,
i can see
how some would dismiss it
as a telemovie dressed up as a feature .
but i am not sure how distinct these 'category ' are anymore ,
or even if we should be making that distinction .
in any case 
i do think
there are enough layer in the film
to distinguish it from hallmark effort .
on the other hand 
the film 's structure is very formal ,
and its content is hardly challenging 
at least in the way somersault 
tom white 
three dollar 
the illustrated family doctor 
look both way
and the human touch are .
the performance are all good ,
but i did come to the realisation
that the main reason i was enjoying the film
was
because it fit the `` australian '' genre ,
without necessarily adding anything ...
and i can understand
that this can be a fairly good reason for another person *not* to like it !
indeed 
it was not until lung enter the room in her vietnamese dress
that the film really begins to pack a punch .
but that leads us into another debate - *should*
we expect
that a film must challenge us all the time ?
certainly i enjoy being challenged by a film
( or a book 
or other person ) ,
but is there no room anymore
for what is simply a nice story ?
i have not deleted my initial post on this film ,
because i am all too aware of the orwellian overtone of such an act .
but i would downgrade my initial rating from an 8
to perhaps a 6.5.as for nomination for afi best film ,
my vote go to the human touch 
three dollar and look both way - and i think
look both way should win .
