the day has finally come for me to witness the perpetuation of azumi 's fate as an assassin 
fruition of her character and the ultimate attempt
to draw me deeper into the world
she rampaged through so mercilessly during the first saga.that is as poetical
as i will get
when talking about azumi 2 :
death or love ,
because when i cringed over the heavy sentimentality of house of flying dagger
and complained about the credibility of aya ueto portraying a blood-driven assassin ,
after watching azumi 2 i started to appreciate the previously mentioned shortcoming more than ever before.not only does the determination of each assassin feel sluggish and uninspiring
but also many important element are omitted from the entire experience .
in azumi 1 we saw the assassin use various stealth tactic
( which is their number one priority )
as well as logic
to make easy work of their mark with swift execution and quicker ability to escape .
but i will not hold
that against this movie too much
since the story is slightly tweaked this time around
and many more obstacle are planted in azumi 's way
to prevent her from reaching the warlord
and displaying any sign of charisma .
by the way 
chiaki is foolishly shelved for the most part of the film
and is basically playing a toned down version of go go ,
minus the cool weapon
and sense of menace.this ings me to the final blow
which is the action ,
simply disguised in the title as the 'death ' side of the epic .
in the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising adversary with flashy look and even flashier weapon .
to no one 's surprise they meet their end one way or another but the film falls short
when each of them start dying too fast and too easily .
in azumi 1 
the young assassin were mostly overpowering the opposition with quick but somewhat satisfying battle and the final showdown between azumi and bijomaru in comparison to the fight in azumi 2 was at least climaxed and worthwhile .
some interesting effect were introduced
but they were unable to achieve innovation due to the shortness of each encounter .
i am in no way
knocking down the conventional style of samurai film with their quick and realistic battle but character in both azumi film were so imaginative and straight out of anime
that the rule could have been oken
and the action should have been further enriched.the romance side of azumi is there to fill in time between the fight scene and unfortunately at the end
it serves no purpose nor provides a much needed resolution.as a fan with an open mind for wide variety of movie and animation ,
i will not lie
and i will admit to my neutrality and unimpressiveness toward the first azumi film ,
but i will step right up
and say
that
after watching azumi 2 
the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece .
for what it is worth 
azumi 2 :
death or love could have gone straight to video 
with its invisibly richer budget and a failed potential
to add or even expand on the bumpy journey of desperate assassin ,
doing their best
to restore the peace 
with an unwavering courage
to die trying .
