i got ta be straight-up -
i have not seen a film as solid as dog bite dog in quite a while .
i am a big fan of the `` old-school '' late 80s to mid 90s era catiii film ,
and i had been hearing
that that `` style '' of film is making a bit of a come-back with film such as this 
and herman yau 's gong tau
( which as of this writing i have not yet seen ... ) ,
so i was very interested to give some of these newer-wave catiii film a shot .
did this film live up to my expectation ?
absolutely - but not quite in the fashion
that i imagined.the story follows a young 
animalistic 
resourceful and virtually unstoppable thai hit-man with a somewhat vague history
who comes to hong kong
to complete a `` mission '' .
due to some bad-luck 
he is quickly identified by a roguish copy
( who exudes many of the same quality as our hit-man ) ,
and is quickly apprehended and captured .
this state of affair does not last long though ,
as the un-named assassin escape from his captor and quickly shows the local police
that he is not to be taken lightly .
the hunt is on 
and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the `` mad dog ''
( as the police refer to him )
ensue .
along the way 
mad dog is inadvertently befriended by a slow-witted young woman ,
and a bond form between the two
when she helps him out of a sticky situation .
the ante keep getting upped
as mad dog 's only objective is to get out of hong kong and back to thailand by any mean necessary ,
and the cop keep trying to reel him in alive ...
i could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and thoroughly layered film ,
but i do not want to give too much away .
i watched dog bite dog
knowing nothing about the premise ,
and i think
it is the type of film
that is definitely better appreciated that way .
as to comparison to the older-style catiii film ...
there are some similarity .
dog bite dog has some hyper-violent moment reminiscent of the `` good ol ' day '' ,
but is never quite as sleazy or grimy as old-school classick like the untold story or red
to kill .
where many of the older catiii film ' main intention was to `` shock '' - dog bite dog is a far more thought-out and well-rounded production
( though that is not to take anything away from those catiii film
that i hold so dear ... ) .
this film is far more `` emotional ''
than it is exploitative ,
and
as we learn more about the character and their background ,
the audience begins to bond and identify with both side .
there really are no clear-cut `` good '' and `` bad '' guy ,
as mad dog shows moment of extreme compassion ,
and the cop stoop to extremely unorthodox method
to try to flesh out the killer .
there is also no nudity/sex in this film ,
which is a typical characteristic of the older catiii film .
personally 
i would compare dog bite dog more to park 's sympathy for mr. vengeance or perhaps the pang other 's bangkok dangerous ,
as both of those film mixed extremely emotional overtone with strong and unflinching action and violence .
again - there is pretty much nothing
that i did not like about this film .
the acting is dead-on ,
the cinematography is sharp and well done ,
and the whole film skillfully blends several different element successfully in a way
that is not seen very often .
is this film
( and other like it ... )
the `` rebirth '' of the catiii film - not exactly -
but it is a very solid film
that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
