loui creed 
a doctor from chicago 
move to a large house near a small town ,
since he is going to be giving class in the university of maine 's .
along with him 
is his wife rachel and their two kid 
ellie and gage 
as well as ellie 's cat 
church .
soon 
they met their new neighbor ,
and old man named judd crandall.judd not only warns loui and rachel about the danger
that is the highway
that runs past their house
( that is constantly a way
used by big truck )
but also show to the family a pet cemetery
that is located near their house .
judd starts to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery ,
but rachel is against to talk about death and spirituality with her child ,
since she has traumas from her sister zelda 's death.during the first week of the family in the new house ,
loui already has dead person to deal with :
victor pascow 
a student
who has been fatally injured in an automobile accident ,
addresses his dying word to loui personally ,
even though the two man are stranger .
on the night
following pascow 's death 
loui experience
what he believes
is a very vivid dream
in which he meets pascow ,
who lead him to the pet cemetery and warns loui to not `` go beyond ,
no matter how much you feel you need to . ''
loui wakes up in bed the next morning convinced
it was only a dream ,
until he discovers his foot and the bedsheet covered with dirt and pine needle .
anyway 
he dismisses the dream .
many strange thing starts to happen and church 
ellie 's cat 
dy
while walking on the highway .
loui stay worried
in how he is going to talk about church 's death with ellie 
but judd 
sympathizing with him 
jud takes loui to the pet cemetery ,
supposedly to bury church .
but instead of stopping there 
jud lead loui farther on a frightening journey to `` the real cemetery '' :
an ancient burial ground
that was once used by the micmac
( ' ... indian ... ' ) .
there loui bury the cat on jud 's instruction ,
with jud saying
that animal buried there have come back to life .
and that is where the real horror story begins ...
i personally find this movie very good .
it is not the most horrifying of all ,
but it is one of the best horror movie i watched .
the way gage dy 
is almost impossible to not stay in your memory ,
specially being a toddler .
it is cool to see stephen king 's cameo as the minister of the funeral.of course ,
there are some script error :
how can a rich doctor with two small kid ,
goes to live in a place
where there is a dangerous highway near his house ?
how gage has no scratch or anything
after being hit by a truck ?
why loui continues to resurrect every member of his family knowing
they are all going to stay like monster ?
thing like that does not make any sense ,
but i can understand
that all horror 's script needs to have some surreal idea to work.a good thing i
saw in this movie ,
is the necessity
to talk about death with the child ,
no matter what is your religion
or if you are an atheist ,
and also that
avoiding important subject does not help anything .
because of loui being afraid to be honest with ellie ,
confronting her and saying
that her cat would not be back again ,
all the nightmare began .
