what if a platoon of g.i .
's from the japanese army were to be send back in time 400 year right in the middle of the feudal wars
that led to the formation of the tokugawa shogunate ?
great pitch right ?
the movie does exactly what it says
on the tin.thankfully the writer did not bother to explain the 
usually ridiculous in sci-fi movie 
scientific mumbo jumbo of time transport .
no how 's or why 's .
they just did .
however the time transport sequence itself is trippy as hell and quite beautiful ,
if not a bit dated .
not as silly as one would imagine.the rest of the movie follows the premise to a t.
but
while it loses a bit of steam with the various subplot
that follow the g.i.s arrival to medieval japan ,
it picks up with a devastating battle sequence .
undoubtedly it is the main order of the day .
the whole concept and by extension the movie itself 
was probably originated from this simple pitch :
what if g.i .
's equipped with the latest in modern warfare were to fight samurais ?
and boy does it deliver.the main battle sequence
that spans more than half an hour
is probably one of the best of its kind in 70 's action/war movie .
not only is it relentless and exhausting in pace and length ,
it is also a terrific mish-mash of style and technique
that only unique premise like g.i .
samurai can deliver .
i mean ,
where else would you get the chance to feature tank 
ninjas complete with shuriiken 
a helicopter and samurais in the same shot ?
the g.i .
platoon
led by lieutenant iba tear
literally through hundred of extra ,
gunning them down with machine gun 
mortar 
grenade and tank.this mish-mash of style is with one foot firmly rooted in the sprawling jidai-geki epic of kurosawa 's kagemusha or hiroshi inagaki 's samurai banner ,
while the other is in western action and war movie .
there are stylistic touch
( like the wonderful slow-motion shot and bloody violence )
that ing sam peckinpah or enzo g. castellari circa keoma to mind .
japanese cinema has always been influenced by western and other hollywood work and vice versa 
and g.i .
samurai effortlessly turns this east-meets-west melting pot into an exciting film.the film-maker thankfully take the whole thing
seriously and the movie benefit immensely from it .
not that tongue-in-cheek mentality is completely absent ,
it is just that it does not try to pander to so-bad-it is-good audience
that enjoy laughing at their movie .
the budget was probably hefty ,
as it is evident in the hundred of extra 
elaborate costume
( very decent for a production
that is not a traditional jidai-geki )
and special effect .
the camera-work and editing are all top notch ,
almost better than a movie with no higher artistic ambition deserves.it is not withouts its flaw either of course .
there are many `` song '' scene ,
where all sort of 70 's japanese rock 
disco and country song play over montage
( there is a bonding scene ,
a love-interest scene ,
a `` war is hell ''
scene etc ) .
the song themselves are pretty lame and corny and detract from the whole thing .
although it clocks at a whooping 140 minute ,
it flies like a bullet for the most part .
still some scene 
flashback and subplot in the first half could have been clipped for a tighter effect.the cast also deserves a mention ,
featuring such prominent name as sonny chiba 
isao natsuyagi
( goyokin 
samurai wolf ) ,
tsunehiko watase
( the yakuza paper )
and hiroyuki sanada ,
all of them
hitting the right note .
