i found grey garden 's to be a gripping film 
an amazingly intimatelook at too eccentric
who basically have the right idea :
forgetsociety and live in a delapidated house with no heating and a hugeood of cat and raccoon 
persuing their own interest rathermundainly ,
all the while chattering at the camera.big edie and little edie are the two crazy
that the mazle bros.have chosen to document .
they seem like character out of afellini film 
only stranger ,
if that makes any sense .
old edie isalmost fully bedridden 
a pile of paper 
clothe and dirty dishesgrowing around her .
little edie is even more interesting .
sheprance around the house 
always wearing a baboushka-likeheaddress around her head ,
completely covering her hair .
wenever see her hair throughout the film ,
nor do we ever get a hintthat
she still has much .
at age fifty eight 
though 
she is stillbeautiful and full of life.in grey garden ,
we get the sense
that both of these women'slife have become much less than what they once were .
littleedie is probably the sadder of the two .
while her mother 
in herearlier year ,
got married ,
made a family ,
lived luxuriously andeven made some recording
( the scene where 
at 77 
she singsalong with a recording of `` tea for two ''
she made decade ago isone of the film best scene ) ,
edie left her promicing career as amodel to take care of her ailing mother .
at 58 
she still longed tofind her prince charming .
if anything little edie is still a little girl 
full of dream of glamour and fame 
and of domestic and romanticbliss ,
that have yet to be fulfilled.highlight of the film include the opening moment ,
where littleedie explains her outfit to the camera 
the `` tea for two '' sequence 
the birthday party 
the climactic argument 
the grocery deliverscene 
and the scene in the attic .
the whole thing is incrediblycandid and unpretencious .
and it is made all the more remarcablesince
it is all real.i suggest
seeing grey garden back-to-back with the kennethanger short puce moment .
the criterion dvd is $ 35.00 ,
but it isworth every penny .
