in case you are a self-acclaimed connoisseur of cult cinema and/or bad movie-making ,
there comes a certain point in life \u0096 preferably sooner than later \u0096
that you have to watch `` attack of the killer tomato '' .
it is an inescapable certainty ,
as this is one of the most notoriously awful
cult movie ever made .
one tiny but essential detail 
however 
is that `` attack of the killer tomato '' is deliberately awful .
right from the opening message already 
mocking alfred hitchcock 's `` the bird '' 
this is clearly intended as a zero-budgeted parody and i can not escape the impression
that writer/director john de bello never expected for his film to become such a hit .
the film spoofs the contemporary popular trend of so-called `` eco-horror '' movie
( plant 
animal and nature in general revolting against humanity )
and introduces the least menacing type of vegetable imaginable
as undefeatable killing machine .
a secret government agricultural project
to produce bigger and tastier tomato goes horribly wrong
and soon there are report about tomato-attack coming from all over the country .
the president puts together a special force team
to battle the juicy enemy ,
which includes secret agent with very specific area of expertise and scientist with horrendously dubbed voice .
the first half hour of `` attack of the killer tomato '' is very entertaining .
as silly
as it is ,
the sight of normally shaped vegetable
jumping up from the sink and attacking hysterical housewife
is quite original and funny .
the first half hour also contains numerous memorable moment like the catchy theme song 
the `` jaws '' homage and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash
( see the trivia section for more detail )
that made it to the final cut .
after that 
however 
the whole thing turns into a tedious 
unstructured and insufferably amateurish mess .
the quality level of the joke goes from fresh and inventive toward embarrassing and downright not funny
and there are too many character and sub plot .
personally 
i prefer the late 80 's and early 90 's sequel
( which i saw
before seeing the original )
because they benefit from slightly better production value ,
incredibly over-the-top tomato special effect and the presence of veteran actor john astin
( `` the addam family '' )
as the mad scientist dr. gangreen .
but ,
as said
before already ,
the original inexplicably remains obligatory viewing material at some point in your life .
