a flying saucer manned
( literally )
by a crew of about 20 male space explorer travels hundred of million of light year from earth to check in on a colony founded some 25 year ago on a 'forbidden planet . '
what they find is a robot more advanced than anything imaginable on earth 
a beautiful and totally socially inept young woman ,
and her father 
a hermit philologist haunted by more than the demon of the ancient civilization
he has immersed himself in.on the surface ,
this story is a pulp scifi murder mystery .
some compare it to shakespeare 's tempest ,
but this is a stretch 
and 
in some way 
an insult to the scifi genre .
stripped of what makes it a scifi film 
sure 
its the tempest ,
but how many hundred of film can you say something similar about ?
underneath 
this is a cautionary tale about progress and technology and the social evolution necessary for its appropriate and safe use .
yet the film still proceeds with all the hopefulness for our future
that we have come to expect from show like star trek.anne francis is not the only reason
why this film is best described as beautiful .
the special effect ,
and even the aesthetic of the backdrop are powerful enough
to make the uninspired directing and uneven acting almost unnoticeable .
if it were not for the goofy retro-art-deco-ness of 1950s sci-fi prop ,
you might think
you were watching a 1960s piece.this is a classic of that very special sub-genre of sci fi i like to call 1950s sci-fi 
and 
though not 
in my opinion 
the best it is certainly a must see for anybody interested in sci-fi film and special effect .
the clever plot 
now rendered trite by its reuse in six or seven episode of star trek ,
lost in space ,
and even farscape 
is worth paying attention to ,
and will sustain the interest of most scifi fan .
trekker will be particularly interested in the various aspect of the film
which seem to have inspired theme of star trek 's original series aired about 12 year later ,
though they may find themselves disappointed by the
( relatively mild )
1950s sexism and the lack of any kind of racial integration .
while i do not mean to nitpick ,
the lack of social progress manifest in this film was the one major problem
i had with it .
some will probably see this film simply to catch a glimpse of young 
good-looking leslie nielsen in one of his first starring role .
unfortunately 
nielsen 's performance is only average 
and at time down-right poor
( especially at the climax of the film ) .
walter pigeon ,
though quite excellent in other film ,
over-act his role as well .
ms francis 
earl holliman 
and the amazing robby the robot are the stand-out actor in this crowd ,
though on the whole the character actor filling in the ensemble do a good job .
the problem with the featured performance 
i think ,
are as much the fault of the director and the editor 
as anything .
though they certainly got most of the film quite right .
