where the sidewalk end
( 1950 )
where one end ,
another beginsthis is a prototypical film noir ,
and as such 
pretty flawless 
from both style and content point of view .
the photography and night setting are first rate
( cinematographer joseph lashelle lets the drama ooze in scene after scene ) ,
and the close-up on faces pure expressionism .
i can watch this kind of film for the visual alone ,
even when the actor struggle and the plot stink .
but the acting is first rate here ,
and the plot features what i consider the core of most noir film 
the alienated male lead
( representing the many man
returning home to a changed united state after the war
and feeling lost themselves ) .
in fact 
not only is dana andrew really convincing as the troubled 
loner detective ,
he has a small but important counterpart in the film ,
the lead female 's
( first )
husband 
an decorated ex-gi fallen onto hard time and booze .
the fact the one man kills the other might be of monumantal significance 
overall
-- the regular guy struggling through his inner problem
to success
while the medal-wearing soldier slip into an accidental death with a silver plate in his head .
the woman transition from one to the other
-- we assume
they marry
and have child as suggested earlier in the movie .
even if this is pushing an interpretation onto
it after the fact ,
we can still see the path of one man with some psychological baggage careening through a crisis to the highest kind of moral order
-- turning himself in for a small crime just at the point
he has actually gotten away with it.this movie belong to andrew .
he play a far more restrained
and moving type
than kirk dougla play in a similar role in william wyler 's detective story made just one year later ,
and andrew certainly is less theatrical .
you could easily see both movie side by side for a textbook compare and contrast session .
the fact
that andrew as detective dixon is morally struggling through it all ,
and dougla as detective mcleod is not ,
might explain why one man gets his girl and the other does not .
gene tierney pulls off a hugely sympathetic 
demurring ,
and ultimately conventional and `` pretty '' type of woman
-- not just a cardboard desirable ,
but someone you want dixon to actually marry .
the criminal plot is really secondary to the main drama ,
but is effective enough in its play with type and clich\u00e9s .
the bit part are kept snappy 
the small detail
( like the portable crap table )
nice touch 
far from the character actor or the glamour of gambling in casablanca .
but then 
curtiz 's great movie is iconic even in the detail
-- it makes no effort
to be subtle and real and penetrating ,
but instead is sweeping and memorable and inspiring .
they come at opposite end of the war ,
and represent opposite possibility for their leading man .
bogart is beginning his active duty 
dixon ,
and the man dixon has killed ,
are all through .
through 
thoroughly 
but not washed up.it is no accident
that many 
possibly most 
film noir have what you would call `` happy '' ending .
the man overcomes his adversary and transforms his inner self ,
and the moviegoer 
then and now 
understands just how beautiful
that must feel .
