even though we know
how the story ends ,
this is a gripping fly-on-the-wall film
that plays almost like a political thriller .
during the calm before the storm 
we meet hugo chavez as a charismatic 
larger than life man
who has an uneakable connection with the mestizos
who make up 80 % of the population
but have previously been shut out of venezuela 's political process and its oil wealth .
he seems
as devoted to them as
they are to him .
he travels the country at a hectic pace ,
reaching out to the campesinos ,
addressing huge crowds 
hugging and kissing ordinary person ,
accepting letter on scrap of paper ,
and hearing plea for help .
the person are excited
that one of their number has made it to the highest office in the land .
there is an electric sense of hope
and optimism
that change for the better is coming to the festering barrios.but
not everyone is happy with the situation .
the pure-blood castillian spaniard elite
who are a small minority
but previously controlled all the wealth are full of bitterness and resentment .
one of the most unintentionally hilarious moment in the film is when an ann coulter lookalike 
at a resident ' meeting in an exclusive gated community 
complain of the mestizos ,
`` they have no concept of struggle or sacrifice . ''
minute later 
a speaker tells the meeting to `` beware of your domestic servant -
they could be chavez supporter . ''
duh !
of course they are.in a late night interview
alone with the film crew ,
chavez reveal something of his soul
as he tells the story of his grandfather .
he can be a sensitive 
poetic person 
though with an impish 
even clownish 
sense of humor
( like we saw
when he addressed the un
and called bush the devil .
) then the storm starts to gather force
as the coup organizer call for a mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporter into changing the route at the last minute
and marching on the presidential palace ,
knowing
it is surrounded by chavez supporter
and violence is inevitable.another element of the plot falls into place
as sniper on rooftop begin to fire on the chavez supporter ,
some of whom fire back .
the local equivalent of fox news shows this return fire
and claim
that chavez supporter are massacring protester .
then the camera pulls back
and reveal
that there are no protester
- the street
is empty !
the protester took a different route .
needless to say
the footage of the empty street was edited out by the rabidly anti-chavez private tv station
( who had been airing a constant barrage of propaganda
calling chavez mentally ill and sexually fixated on fidel castro . )
immediumtely after the coup 
we see the ringleader and their medium propaganda master openly agging on tv
about how they had manipulated the situation with reckless disregard for the life of supporter and opponent alike.the filmmaker continue to be at the heart of this chaotic 
fast-changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb it .
chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed
but refuses to resign
and is whisked away to an offshore island
where a plane awaits to take him - where ?
the us ?
how can the remaining cabinet member avoid arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing general and ultra-wealthy businessman
who are closely linked to the bush administration ?
watch the movie and find out !
if your only knowledge of hugo chavez and venezuela is from the us medium ,
then you know nothing .
he is not an `` unelected tyrant ''
and does not `` rule by decree '' -
he is enormously popular ,
having been elected and re-elected several time with over 60 % of the vote
( something george bush junior has never achieved )
and the devotion he inspires in ordinary venezuelan person is ultimately the reason
why the coup fails.this is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation .
the skill of the filmmaker is in being unobtrusive
and letting the story unfold through the voice of venezuelan at every level from the barrio to the presidential palace 
the tumultuous scene 
the chaos and confusion out of which a coherent whole emerge
that is tense 
riveting and moving .
not to be missed !
