canadian director vincenzo natali took the art-house circuit by storm with the intriguing and astonishingly intelligent cube ,
which is my personal favourite sf film of the 90s .
it framed the basic conceit of a group of stranger
trapped in a maze
shaped like a giant cube ,
shot entirely on one set ,
and took this idea in fascinating direction .
i have been eagerly awaiting natali 's follow-up ,
and although its taken five year for him
to mount another project ,
i am delighted to say
it was worth the wait .
cypher is a fascinating exploration of one man 's place in the world ,
and how through a completely logical chain of event ,
finds himself in a situation beyond his control.i do not want to reveal too much about the plot ,
because one of the joys of cypher is the different avenue
it takes us down .
it is so refreshing in this day and age
to see a sf film
that has more than one idea
in it is head .
cypher is such a film.morgan sullivan
( jeremy northam ) ,
one of the blandest person
to ever walk the planet ,
is hired by the company digicorp .
they send him to different part of america
to record different seminar .
to his bewildermant 
they are unbelievably boring .
covering topic as mundane as shaving cream and cheese.while morgan is waiting for one seminar ,
he runs into rita foster
( an impeccably cast lucy liu ) ,
the definition of an ice maiden .
she gives him the ush-off ,
but there is something to her he finds irresistible .
that is not too surprising
considering the dry marriage
he is in .
when rita turns up at another one of morgan 's seminar ,
she tells him
his life is not what it appears .
and i am not saying anything more about the plot .
to do so would cheapen the impact the rest of the film has on us 
as well as the tortuous path
that is so much fun to follow.as with cube ,
natali show quite a talent for encompassing seemingly ordinary person ,
taking them out of the familiar ,
and basically seeing what will happen
when they are thrust into the unknown .
and cypher follows similar pattern .
but it is not a carbon copy of cube .
it has it
is own inspiration.cypher is a film
that has more in common with conspiracy thriller and paranoia story .
one of the great thing about cypher is the way
these theme creep into the story
without your knowledge .
when morgan realises his false identity is a piece of a much larger puzzle ,
it is as much of a shock
to us
as it is to him.one thing
that distinguishes cypher from cube is how much more polished it is .
where cube was confined to a minimalist setting and a shoestring budget with a cast of unknown ,
cypher is also on a low budget ,
but natali economises it as much
as he can ,
allowing him to oaden the horizon ,
and launching morgan on an amazing journey through the labyrinth of his own identity.natali 's direction is exceptional 
with a deft hand on the rein .
there are some amazing camera angle from above 
such as the enormity of the digicorp building as a vast 
robust office block in conjunction to the insignifican not speck
that is morgan standing outside .
all the colour appears to have been bled out of the picture ,
which complimants the tone of the film perfectly
as a modern day film-noir.the acting is uniformly excellent throughout .
jeremy northam is a sympathetic figure from his loveless marriage
to questioning his own identity .
his performance is excellent
because it is so modulated .
he literally seems to transform right before our very eyes .
from a clinical 
spineless wimp to a confident man
who will do anything
to preserve his new identity.david hewlett puts in a welcome appearance
who made such an impact in cube .
he resides in a secret silo
that looks like it was borrowed from man in black .
his scene is one of the best
because it is an exercise in carefully calculated suspense and paranoia .
he is a supposed expert
in identifying double-agent ,
and it is a fantastic piece of writing ,
illiantly
acted by hewlett .
all he has to do is look at morgan ,
and we are drawn into his complex mind game.but
it is lucy liu
who 's the scene stealer here .
too often she is cast in film
where her potential is not utilised to full effect .
but in cypher 
she is finally given a character
that fits her like a glove .
rita is an aloof 
guarded femme fatale
that liu inhabit with relish .
i perked up every time she appeared
because she is always in control ,
and can reduce a room
to silence by the power of her icy stare alone.thing come to a very gratifying end ,
that does not conclude on an ambiguous note
the way
cube did .
but morgan deserves his happy ending .
after he is been put through the ringer like this ,
i cheered for him in the final scene .
it is a perfect final momant
because it comes as a ray of sunshine
after a gloomy 90 minutes.cypher succeeds on all count .
engaging 
shocking 
always entertaining 
it is everything that total recall wanted to be but was not .
and it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable matrix.a fine follow-up from natali .
and now i am a committed fan of the man .
superb stuff !
