on the 1998 summer blockbuster hit baseketball
( 1998 ) :
`` this is one of those movie
that is usually seen on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sport bar during the day -
when everyone is quite drunk .
unfortunately 
i was sober
when i saw this movie .
`` so quoted the late gene siskel for this lame-ained ,
supposed yukfest
that came out two week after the far superior
`` there is something about mary '' in a one-upmanship game during july of 1998 .
`` mary '' was a gross-out fest ,
but in addition to the many gag 
it had a lot of heart ,
which is why
it was the highest grossing comedy of that memorable summer .
`` baseketball '' tried to outdo mary ,
but it fizzled in more way that one .
you take the creator of `` south park 
'' trey parker and matt stone ,
who are fortunately not behind the movie but in front of the camera ,
the only member of zaz david zucker helming the picture in desperate need of a paycheck ,
and the other two jim aaham and jerry zucker clearly stayed out or probably warned him against the picture 
a small bit by now 90 year young ernest borgnine 
wasting his precious time in his distinguished career ,
dying on a hotdog
and singing `` i am too sexy ''
as he videotapes his will 
jenny mccarthy ,
who has little screen time
as borgnine 's not-too-weeping trophy widow young enough to be his granddaughter 
a bigger female part by yasmine bleeth as a dedicated social worker
whose charge are underprivileged youngster 
and the only interesting and meaningful player in this turkey 
robert vaughn as a corrupt archrival 
and pointless cameos by `` airplane ! ''
alumni kareem abdul jabaar and the late robert stack
who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece
and it is much fresher humor
created by the zaz family .
what do all these person make up ?
a desperate cast and crew trying to replicate `` airplane ! ''
humor and mixing it up with the crudity of `` south park 
''
but failing in every way.to make this long 100-minute movie short 
`` baseketball 
'' a real game
invented by david zucker and his friend in his hometown of milwaukee ,
is about two lazy loser
( parker and stone )
and their pint-sized mutual friend who invent baseball and basketball
( hence the title )
together on the driveway of one 's house .
after borgnine dy 
he bequeaths the ownership of his baseketball team 
the milwaukee beer to parker and stone .
sure enough ,
the game goes national ,
and archrival vaughn and mccarthy want to take away ownership of the beer team from them .
but bleeth is in love with both man 
particularly parker 
and one poor 
sick charge in need of a liver transplant goes ga-ga over them .
those are the character 
not strongly developed.now witless gag ensue .
blood 
electroshock hair 
egg-throwing and screaming are among them .
parker and stone nearly kill the youngster in the hospital ,
but he pulls through the liver transplant .
borgnine sing and rubs ointmant on his chest in the videotaped will .
mccarthy ,
who seemed to get over borgnine 's death by choking on a frank right away ,
quickly massages vaughn in the next scene .
cheerleader dance in skimpy outfit .
there is plenty of music on the soundtrack
that is played for the hard of hearing .
and david zucker forces the parody of `` riverdance '' and `` titanic . ''
parody forcing is nothing new to zaz 
post `` airplane ! ''
and `` the naked gun '' series.and like siskel 
i was sober as well ,
but i was also getting sleepy .
this movie should be played over and over to coarse-mannered barroom patron
who enjoy it
as they chug down beer ,
but will they remain alert and awake 
or pass out during the unfunny part ?
if they pass out ,
then they will not realize
that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity .
hat off to them !
