i am sure
that not many person outside of australium have ever heard of the legend of ned kelly .
i once saw a documantary about the man ,
but that is the only time i once saw or heard anything about him .
and i guess
that this might be the biggest problem
this movie will have to face .
no-one know anything about it
and probably not many person will care about the subject.the movie tells the story of ned kelly 's life .
the irish immigrant has lived in north-west victoria all his life ,
but has never been very welcome by the authority .
the police always accuses him of everything
they can think
of
and they keep harassing his family .
when kelly is fed up with the way everything goes ,
he forms a gang with his other and two other man .
they start robbing bank and even hijack an entire town for 3 day .
all this violence leads to a man hunt
organized by the police
and when they kill three policeman ,
they are outlawed .
finally they take over a pub in glenrowan ,
where they have a party with all the visitor ,
waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track
that they tore up .
but the train is able to stop in time
because someone warns them
and what will follow is a battle on life and death between the police and the four gunman ...
it is very hard to tell
whether all of what is shown in the movie is true or false .
i guess nobody really know ,
because there will always be two camp
who will each tell their own truth :
one camp says
he was a hero 
some kind of robin hood ,
the other will say
he was an ordinary criminal 
a murderer and a thief .
i really could not tell you
which of them is right ,
perhaps both are ,
but what i can tell you is that the fact in the movie as well
as is the documantary were about the same.this movie
was a nice addition to the documantary i once saw
and i really enjoyed the performance of all the actor .
heath ledger 
orlando bloom 
naomi watts 
geoffrey rush are all actor
who are pretty well known ,
but even the lesser known actor show in this production
that they all know
what good acting should look like .
i really enjoyed this movie
and i give it a 7.5/10
