i saw this film at the london premiere ,
and i have to say
- i did not expect much ,
but i did expect something
that was at least mildly entertaining.the original `` basic instinct '' was no great film
and is still something of a `` smut classic ''
but it was entertaining .
i can recall countless time flipping through channel on tv on a late friday or saturday night
having come across the movie
and finding myself beginning to actually pay attention to it.however 
this lame-ain ,
waaay-belated sequel has nothing .
is sharon stone still gorgeous ?
well 
let 's put it this way
-- for a 47-year-old 
she is pretty hot .
is she as beautiful
as she was in the original ?
no .
she also has clearly had plastic surgery on her face ,
and her haircut in this movie is somewhat unappealing .
she does not look as soft or genuine or innocent
as she did in the original
-- which is sort of the whole point
of being an evil seductress 
and whatnot.the rest of the performance range from bad to terrible
-- and michael caton-jone
( a typically safe director -- one
who does not always do great work
but manages to make worthwhile movie )
has officially delivered his first true turkey ; a movie
so bad person were laughing at certain moment
that were intended to be serious.i hear the film
went through multiple editing session ,
and it is very clear from the start .
nothing makes much sense .
the whole plot is a cosmic mess and the ending
-- oh my !
talk about stupid and unbelievable .
( still predictable 
though . )
i saw `` gigli 
'' i saw `` son of the mask ''
-- and although i am not looking to `` smear '' this film ,
i can say with my own authority
( which you do not have to agree with at all ,
mind you )
that i prefer both those film over this catastrophic failure.by the way ,
stone left five minute
before the movie began
and person in the theater began throwing thing at the screen during a particularly outrageous and insulting scene inside an orgy-type nightclub .
`` basic instinct 2 ''
-- basically 
it stinks 
too .
