i am quite the mitchell leisen fan
so it was a great anticipation
that i rented this movie
but the print i got was extremely bad ,
so worn down from use and scorched seemingly beyond repair ,
the movie was so dark .
so dark that in certain scene
that are cinematographed in the dark ,
you can not see a single thing .
that said ,
i believe
i share the same opinion as the first review of this movie .
it starts out unusually
and does not tote the line and rhythms of your typical hollywood 30 's movie .
heck 
not even your typical hollywod movie of any era .
it seems the director has been influenced by the european
because there is a certain caustic realism to the proceedings from the opening shot
which is so crafted in camera movement and placement as maggie
( carole lombard )
and skid
( fred macmurray )
meet .
you half expect them to start singing `` make believe
'' from show boat.it starts with a few laugh and poor anthony in a one scene role
where he speaks not a word of english gets slapped around by freddie .
skid is a bum
who does not care
that he is a bum .
that is why he sign up in the army
where he can hide from the world .
he is just been released though
and in a set of screenplay shenanigan 
she misses her boat for new york .
this is when the movie kicks into high gear and we begin to get those french movie of the sixty vibes to the whole proceedings .
the scene are so well
acted by lombard and cecil cunningham 
the movie gain a pulse .
macmurray is good too
as he and lombard fall for each other
as she nurtures his talent for the trumpet .
then the temptress arrives in the form of dorothy lamour .
enough with plot .
the movie has fantastic montage sequence
that dazzled me .
they are very good .
and lombard scores a home run in this movie
but in the second half 
a bit more is called of freddie
and he fails to deliver the good .
with a heavily melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe ,
the movie falls short
but since it is not your typical movie in structure 
set design 
and direction .
it is worth a look .
for what is what it was one of the 37 hit of the 1936-37 season .
i do not know its exact rank though .
