nick cage is gate 
a treasure hunter
( oh ,
excuse me ... treasure `` protector '' ,
whatever that means )
who is descended from a long line of treasure hunter .
one of his ancestor had been given a clue to the whereabout of a huge treasure
that our founding father 
most if not all freemason 
had decided to hide
because they just did not want to finance their independence all
that badly.the first clue turns out to be in a long-lost ship hidden in the arctic .
gate and his crew 
consisting of financier ian
( sean bean ) ,
movie dork riley
( justin bartha of the immortal `` gigli '' )
and a couple of faceless lackey 
enter the cargo hold of the ship .
they immediately spill out ton of gunpowder all over the floor ,
not that this is significan not in any way .
at last they find the clue
( a skeleton is hovering over it )
and it turns out to be a pipe with writing ... on it .
sort of .
do not ask me to explain.it is a riddle ,
and despite the fact
that his expedition is clearly miffed at not finding the actual treasure ,
gate wander around yammering
to himself about the meaning of the riddle 
in this frozen cargo hold ,
while the crew just stands around slack-jawed .
i mean 
come on .
someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment of coming all the way to the freaking arctic
and not finding anything interesting ,
but they just stand there
as gate enters his own world ,
solving the riddle.the next clue turns out
to be on the declaration of independence .
ian decide to steal it .
gate is appalled .
various character deliver gratingly obvious exposition
( get used to it ) .
all this lead to ian 's lackey pulling a gun on gate ,
and the gunpowder going off in a big explosion .
( oh ,
that is why they spilled all the gunpowder !
huh ! ! )
ian and his henchman make their escape 
and gate and movie dork riley walk nine mile in subzero temperature to an inuit village
in order to stop them.to stop them ,
gate conclude
after trying the fbi and super archivist abigail chase
( diane kruger ) ,
gate and riley must steal it themselves .
riley then tells gate in excruciating detail
why they can not steal the declaration ,
because it is so protected with metal and laser eye and high tech security blah blah .
gate then tells riley
that there is an opportunity
to steal it from the preservation room .
does riley know
what the preservation room is 
gate ask ?
`` a place
where they make jam and jelly ? ''
i am not kidding ;
that is the actual line .
bartha does not deliver it like a joke 
either .
so riley does all this research about the liary of congress and the archive and water and sewage 
fercryinoutloud ,
but does not know
what the preservation room is .
this pretty much indicates what level this script is on.to make the rest of this short ,
gate does in fact make off with the d of i 
in a ridiculous eak-in
that could only happen in a movie .
( i also hate the way
they depict computer monitor technology in movie
-- full of improbable and impractical graphic and font . )
abigail chase ends up tagging along for convenience 's sake 
and as an obvious `` love interest '' angle .
at one point 
the three of them 
on the run from the law 
discuss all their plan really loudly in a clothing store ,
surrounded by people.a series of clue and the kidnapping of gate ' father ,
played by a dyspeptic jon voight ,
lead good guy and bad guy alike to a huge indiana jone fun-house located underneath new york city .
odd that the subway builder never found this thing .
gate and gate senior lead ian off on a wild goose chase .
ian believes
they are trapped in a cul-de-sac
and leaves them there .
however ,
after they are gone ,
riley ask how they are going to get out .
gate ... ... oh boy ... ... presses a button and a door opens .
no 
i am serious .
a button 
like they might have on a vacu-flush lavatory in an office building .
good thing he knew where
that was .
anyway 
after some more knob-twiddling 
they find this immense treasure room
( remember ,
this is all underneath manhattan ! )
full of all sort of historyish golden thing .
riley gets to deliver a really stupid line .
again .
and fbi officer harvey keitel forgives them 
arrests sean bean ,
and allows the two chemistry-less lead to get married.for any viewer ,
i think
it would be hard to ignore all the exposition 
the leap of logic 
and the stereotyped character for very long .
though some of its exposition involves nice history lesson inserted into conversation at random moment .
i would like more conversation like that in my life .
