this adaptation 
like 1949 's *the heiress* 
is based on the henry jame novel .
*the heiress* 
starring olivia de havilland 
remains as a well-respected piece of work 
though less true to jame ' original story than this new remake ,
which retains jame ' original title .
it is the story of a awkward 
yet loving daughter
( leigh ) ,
devoted to her father
( finney )
after her mother dies during childbirth .
the arrogant father holds his daughter in no esteem whatsoever ,
and considers her 
as well as all woman 
simpleminded .
when a young man
( chaplin )
of good family and little fortune comes courting ,
the father is naturally suspicious ,
but feeling so sure
that his daughter could hold no interest for any man ,
is convinced
that the young man is a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him .
leigh is a controversial actress \u0096 most either love her or hate her \u0096
and she always has a particular edginess and tenseness to her style ,
like she is acting through gritted tooth .
she is not bad in this ,
and she handles her role relatively deftly \u0096 it is just an awkward role for any actress ,
making the audience want to grab the character by her shoulder and shake her until
she comes to her sense .
while the character garners a lot of sympathy ,
she is not particularly likable .
the very handsome and immensely appealing ben chaplin
( previously seen in *the truth about cat and dogs* )
plays his role with the exact amount of mystery required
to keep the audience guessing
whether he is after her fortune ,
or is really in love with her .
maggie smith is one of the finest actress alive
and raises the level of the movie considerably with her portrayal of the well-meaning aunt .
finney is marvelous 
of course 
as the father
who threatens to disinherit his daughter for her disobedience ,
but the daughter is willing to risk
that for the man she loves .
but does her ardent suitor still want her without her fortune ?
this is only one instance
where *washington square* differ from *the heiress* .
another instance is the ability
to stick with it .
it is a handsome movie
that is as tedious as a dripping faucet ,
offering too little story in too long of a movie .
