seldom do we see such short comment
written by imdb filmgoer .
perhaps it is because this lightweight dark comedy entertain and please without depth ,
or are we missing something ?
i would watch it again
if i had some incentive.so what is a happenstance ?
to the french
it is `` le battement d'aile du papillon '' serendipity ?
fate ?
perhaps it is an event
that is the culmination of a series of random happening .
we have all had these
( it is called life )
but when looked at in this way ,
you begin to get the feeling
that `` random '' might be more like `` fated .
`` a 'happenstance ' in this film might be an occurrence as minor
as knocking a few leaf of lettuce off the back of a truck or as major as basing a major life decision on the accuracy of a stranger tossing of a pebble .
all these incident cause other event
that ... well you get the picture ?
domino .
multiply those by 30 character and an average of 6 each
and you have to really stretch your imagination
to accept the remote chance
that this scenario could happen .
and i think
that there is a diagnosis for those
who believe
that life is like this .
but then this is the magic world of cinema.we
admit
that it is fun to watch the way
the writer/director weaves together these unrelated event into a story
which enmeshes the life of these french citizen .
if you have a couple of hour
and are looking for a whimsical escape ,
here is the place
to do it .
or if you are recovering from surgery
and are not going anywhere anyway ,
this will engage you
while your stitch are healing .
`` happenstance '' will not go down as an award winner
but it should develop a cult following .
stranger thing have happened .
soren kierkegaard is attributed with the following :
`` life can only be understood backward ;
but it must be lived forward . ''
if you looked at the detail in many of your own life experience
( meeting your first love ,
finding the perfect gift ,
your last auto accident )
you would find a series of seemingly random event
leading up to it.that
is the answer !
i forgot to ing along an existentialist
to explain `` happenstance '' to me .
