person criticise disney 's animated feature of the 1950 for being overly glossy ,
set in landscape
that are much too pristine .
that criticism is just .
and yet it can not be the whole story ,
because the two least glossy - `` alice in wonderland '' and `` peter pan '' - are also the weakest .
`` cinderella '' 
on the other hand ,
set in a world
in which the very dirt sparkle ,
is clearly
the best.it does look good .
the background are subtle and consistent ;
the colour are pure
without being too ight .
the animation varies a bit .
i will swear
that some of the human are rotoscoped - but then 
the rotoscoped human
( including cinderella herself )
are not full-blooded character in the script ,
so this approach works well enough .
it is really the animal
that make the movie .
i think
the studio had never quite used animal in this way before 
as totem rather than sidekick .
the mice 
for instance 
are the creature
who draw us into the story ;
but they are really representative or ally of the more colourless cinderella .
the cat 
lucifer 
is a kind of witch 's familiar to the wicked stepmother .
( the cat is illiantly conceived
and animated - one of the best feline creation of all time .
the supervising animator was ward kimball
and he modelled it on his own cat .
i wonder
how he put up with the animal . )
this approach allows the animal to steal the show
without drawing our attention from the main story .
their action are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.among
the supporting cast the notable human are the king and the grand duke .
the king is a one note character -
he wants grandchild
and appears to have no other desire at all -
but the note is struck in a pleasing fashion .
the grand duke is a put-upon character
who deserves to be lifted out of his sphere as much as cinderella does .
( although he 
of course 
is richer .
) '' cinderella '' is disney 's return to feature after an eight-year hiatus ,
and neither with it nor with any subsequent movie would he recapture the raw illiance of his early year .
moreover he made thing hard for himself
by picking `` cinderella '' .
she is a passive heroine
and there is not much anyone can do about that .
( maybe i am wrong on this score - i have not seen the recent `` ever after '' . )
nonetheless it is remarkable how successful disney was in inging this unpromising story to life ,
without cutting across the grain of its spirit .
