at one end of the eighty warren beatty created and starred in the literate epic red about the founding of the soviet union
as seen through the eye of iconoclast radical john reed .
it was a profound film both entertaining and with a message
presented by an all star cast .
at the end of the decade warren beatty created another kind of epic in dick tracy
that makes no pretense to being anything other than entertainment with a whole bunch of the best actor around
just having a great old time hamming
it up under ton of makeup.that both red and dick tracy could come from the same individual speak volume about the range this man has as a player .
in this film beatty managed to get all the famous cartoon character from the strip
and put them in one original screenplay.the city 's top mobster big boy caprice is making a move
to really eliminate competition .
the film opens with him rubbing out lip manlis 's henchman in a valentine massacre style shooting
and then lip himself being fitted for a cement overcoat .
but caprice 's move are making him a target for tracy.in the meantime
a third mysterious and faceless individual is looking to topple caprice himself .
will our hero sort out this thicket of crime ?
the spirit of fun this film has is truly infectious .
when person like al pacino 
dustin hoffman 
paul sorvino 
william forsythe 
r.g .
armstrong get themselves outrageously made-up to look like the cartoon creation of strip author chester gould and then indulge in an exercise
of carving the biggest slice of ham ,
you have got to love this film.al pacino
got a nomination for best supporting actor ,
but any of these guy could have ,
it is only that pacino as big boy caprice gets the most screen time .
only beatty plays it completely straight ,
the other all seem to play off of him .
dick tracy won oscar for best artandset design ,
best song
written by stephen sondheim
and introduced by madonna 
sooner or later .
the fact he was even able to get somebody like sondheim to write a score for this film
only shows sondheim wanted to get in on the fun .
as for madonna 
the material girl does more than hold her own with all these
acting heavyweight as club torch singer breathless mahoney.before this film ,
dick tracy movie were consigned to the b picture and worse as saturday afternoon serial .
the only thing
that rivals this all star extravaganza is a radio oadcast
done for armed force radio during world war ii
that got to vinyl .
can you believe a cast like bing crosby 
bob hope 
frank sinatra 
dinah shore 
jimmy durante 
judy garland 
frank morgan 
and the andrews sister ?
try and find a recording of that gem.until then warren beatty 's classic comic strip for the big screen will do nicely .
