in the year 2006 
`` in cold blood '' -a riveting thriller from 1967-has two new interesting contexts
that it did not previous have .
first 
and most chillingly 
is the fact
that it is star 
robert blake ,
was recently on trial for murdering his wife .
second 
the recent oscar winning biopic 
`` capote '' showed the muddled back story of this haunting true crime tale 's author 
truman capote .
these two new twist make the film timely for a modern audience.as a stand
alone film
from it is era ,
`` in cold blood '' is top notch in every way .
most notable is the stunning black and white cinematography from conrad hall
( later of `` american beauty '' and `` road to perdition '' fame ) .
many of the still from this film of the kansas farm house at night or the tree-lined back country road could be sold as fine art photography .
combined with the cracker-jack direction from brook and superb editing in the early scene
( where we see the mundane daily life of the innocent family
about to be senselessly slaughtered beautifully intertwined with the plotting of the two hapless killer ) ,
a rich ooding atmosphere is created
that sets the stage for riveting suspense
( even when everyone knows how this is all going to end due to the fact its all
based on real life event ) .
it is also great to see in this day and age
how illiantly staged a harrowing murder scene can be depicted
where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with nary a drop of blood
shown on screen.the film
is also anchored nicely by robert blake 's eerie performance as the more sympathetic yet senselessly utal side of the killing duo .
the flashback scene to his horrible childhood are extremely well done .
then there is the scene towards the end of the film
where he is speaking to the reverend
before being sent to the gallows
and he makes his last `` confession '' so to speak .
it is one of those classic movie moment
that is a perfect marriage of gritty acting 
superb writing 
flawless direction 
and haunting photography .
i dare you to erase from your mind the stark image of the rain 's reflection from the window
flowing down robert blake 's pallid face in lieu of actual tears.the
only thing hampering `` in cold blood '' is the slow moving middle act
where the killer are on the lam and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end .
the tacked-on political message about the death penalty is secondary to its compelling depiction of the mad killer and their prey .
