i am a jane eyre lover and a purist ,
and this version includes almost all of the important detail of the book ,
and the character are portrayed as i imagined them .
jane eyre is a complex story of great richness
and can not be delivered properly in a feature-length format ,
so it need a tv mini-series .
timothy dalton 's rochester is probably the best ever .
there has been a lot of discussion
about how attractive he is and his age .
in the book 
jane
( the narrator )
describes him as `` about 35 '' and not young ,
but not yet middle aged .
i think
timothy dalton was about 38
when he made this ,
so that is about right .
also 
we only have jane 's opinion
of whether rochester is handsome .
she only just met him
and he asks
her bluntly what she thinks .
as an inexperienced and humble girl 
i can not imagine her saying
she did think him handsome .
the actor playing rochester need to show us the character of the man ,
and this is fulfilled to perfection .
i love the relationship between the two lead ,
which is the crucial thing about this story 
and the humour of their encounter .
other version have blown it ,
but this gets it right .
the 2006 version with toby stephen
( aged 37 year )
is in progress on bbc1
and is very good indeed ,
so i will decide whether that is my favourite
when it is completed.on viewing this series again ,
after watching the 2006 version ,
i have decided
that this version with timothy dalton and zelah clark is the best !
charlotte bronte 's dialogue is preserved
and this is essential to the power of the story .
modernisation just does not work -
it is a victorian story
and having archaic poetic speech suit the character .
this version has an excellent cast -
zelah clark is tiny and the difference in height between her and rochester is important ;
timothy dalton has real presence
and is an amazing actor .
there are no extra scene to divert from the plot
and the screenplay includes all the essential scene ,
but leaves out unnecessary detail ,
making it to the point and gripping .
i recommend it to all true jane eyre fan .
