i had not seen this film in probably 35 year ,
so
when i recently noticed
that it was going to be on television
( cable )
again for the first time in a very long time
( it is not available on video ) ,
i made sure
i did not miss it .
and unlike so many other film
that seem to lose their luster
when finally viewed again ,
i found the visual image from the `` pride of the marine ''
were as vivid and effective as i first remembered .
what makes this movie so special 
anyway ? everything .
based on the true story of al schmid and his fellow marine machine gun crew 's ordeal at the battle of the tenaru river on guadalcanal in november 
1942 ,
the screenplay stays 95 % true to the book upon
which it was based 
`` al schmid 
marine '' by roger butterfield 
varying only enough
to meet the time constrain of a motion picture .
this is not a typical `` war movie ''
where the action is central ,
and indeed the war scene is a ief 10 minute or so in the middle of the film .
but it is a memorable 10 minute 
filmed in the lowest light possible
to depict a night battle ,
and is devoid of the mock heroic or falseness
that usually plagues the genre .
in a way probably ahead of its time 
the natural drama of what happened there was more than sufficient to convey to the audience the stark 
ugly 
utal nature of battle ,
and probably shocked audience
when it was seen right after the war .
this film is not about `` glorifying '' war ;
i can not imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and wanting to enlist in the service .
not right away ,
anyway.what this film really concern is the aftermath of battle ,
and how damaged man can learn to re-claim their life .
there is an excellent hospital scene
where a dozen man discuss this ,
and i feel
that is another reason
why the film was so so well received
-- it was exceptionally well-written .
there is a `` dream ''
sequence done in inverse
( negative film )
that seems almost experimantal ,
and the acting is strong 
too ,
led by john garfield .
garfield was perfect for the role
because his natural temperamant and schmid 's were nearly the same 
and garfield met schmid
and even lived with him for a while
to learn as much
as he could about the man and his role .
actor do not do that much anymore ,
but added to the equation ,
it is just another reason
why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult 
unattractive story .
