jame cameron 's 'titanic ' is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence 
a timeless tragic love story
set against the background of this major historical event ...
it is an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope 
love and humanity ... leonardo dicaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma ... conveying passion 
trust 
insouciance and ingenuity ,
he is a free-spirited wanderer with artistic pretension 
and a zest for life ... kate winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy
who finds herself 
one night ,
plunged to the depth of despair ... billy zane is an arrogant racist 
abusive and ultra rich who would lie 
cheat 
steal 
ibe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat ... he keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by louis xvi ... kathy bate is the legendary unsinkable molly brown 
the richest woman in denver 
who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship ... france fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who 
deathly afraid of losing her social stature 
forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich 
supercilious snob ... victor garber is the master shipbuilder 
the real-life character
who attempts to fix time ,
to measure it ,
in a sense ,
to make it into history ...
jonathan hyde is the white star chairman
who wants the titanic to eak the trans-atlantic speed record ,
in spite of warning
that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing ... bill paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond
called the `` heart of the ocean . ''
glorium stuart is the 101-year old woman
who reveals a never-before told love story ... the nightmare ,
the horror and the shock are imprinted
upon her deeply lined face ... 'titanic ' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visual as the footage of the shipwrecked ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor ;
the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken 'titanic '
that takes the viewer back to 1912 ,
revealing the meticulously re-created interior ;
the first sight of the titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny ; the titanic 
leaving the southampton dock ,
and some dolphin appear jumping 
racing along in front of the luxurious ship ; decaprio and winslet flying at the ship 's front rail in a gorgeous magic moment ; the intertwining of past and present as jack was drawing rose on his paper 
the camera zooms closely on young rose 's eye 
only to transform its shape into glorium stuart 's aged eye ... chilling scene : titanic 's inevitable collision with destiny ; jame cameron\u0097in one of the most terrifying sequence ever put on film\u0097 takes us down with the titanic ,
finally leaving us floundering in the icy water ,
screaming for help
that never comes ... winner of 11 academy award ,
including best picture ,
jame cameron 's `` titanic '' is a gigantic epic
where you do not just watch the film ,
you experience it !
the visual effect are amazing ,
like no other film 's ...
the decor is overwhelming ... jame horner 's music intensifies the emotion ...
the whole movie is hunting
and involving ,
filled with a wide range of deep feeling ...
it is truly a moving tribute to those
who lost their life on that unfortunate ship ...
