el mar is a tough 
stark 
utterly illiant 
ave work of cinematic art .
director agust\u00ed villaronga 
with an adaptation by antoni aloy and biel mesquida of blai bonet 's novel 
has created a film
that traces the profound effect of war on the mind of child
and how that exposure wrecks havoc on adult life .
and though the focus is on war 's heinous tattoo on child 
the transference to like effect on soldier and citizen of adult age is clear .
this film becomes one of the finest anti-war documant
without resorting to pamphleteering :
the end result has far greater impact
because of its inherent story
following child 's march toward adulthood.a small group of child are shown in the spanish civil war of spain 
threatened with blackout and invasive nighttime slaughtering of citizen .
ramala
( nilo mur ) ,
tur
( david lozano ) ,
julia
( sergi moreno ) ,
and francisca
( victoria verger )
witness the terror of the assassination of man 
and the revenge
that drives one of them to murder and suicide .
these wide-eyed child become adult ,
carrying all of the psychic disease and trauma repressed in their mind.we then encounter the three
who survive into adulthood
where they are all confined to a tuberculosis sanitarium .
ramala
( roger casamajor )
has survived as a male prostitute ,
protected by his 'john ' morell
( juli mira ) ,
and has kept his life style private .
tur
( bruno bergonzini )
has become a frail sexually repressed gay male
whose cover is his commitmant to catholicism and the blur of delusional self-mutilation/crucifixion .
francisca
( ant\u00f2nia torren )
has become a nun
and serves the patient in the sanitarium .
the three are re-joined by their environmant in the sanitarium
and slowly each reveals the scar of their childhood experience with war .
tur long for ramala 's love 
ramala long to be free from his morell ,
and francisca must face her own internal need
covered by her white nun 's habit.the setting of the sanitarium provides a graphic plane
where the thin thread between life and death 
between lust and love 
and between devotion and destruction is played out .
to detail more would destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer ,
but suffice it to say
that graphic sex and full nudity are involved
( in some of the most stunningly raw footage yet captured on film )
and the viewer should be prepared to witness every form of utality imaginable .
for this viewer these scene are of utmost
importance
and director villaronga is to be applauded for his perseverance and avery in making this story so intense .
the actor 
both as child and as adult 
are splendid :
roger cassamoor 
bruno bergonzini and ant\u00f2nia torren are especially fine in inordinately difficult role .
the cinematography by jaime peracaula and the haunting musical score by javier navarrete serve the director 's vision .
a tough film 
this 
but one highly recommanded to those
who are unafraid to face the horror of war and its aftermath .
in spanish with english subtitles.grady harp
