a lot of person unfairly sh ! t on this series but several of the guinea pig video are fairly entertaining .
devil 's experimant in particular has some really fantastic effect work
-- not just the infamous eyeball scene
but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand eaking with a sledgehammer
are very realistic --
especially for the video 's vintage and low-budget.let me start at the beginning now for those
who do not know :
this film is an `` extreme '' torture/fake snuff film
that surfaced in japan in the mid-80s .
it is plot as it stands is simple :
a young girl is held by a few man and forced to undergo a series of utal torture
to see
where her eaking point is .
this entails utal violence
-- all effectively realistic effect
including the one mantioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful
looking application of hot oil to the captive girl 's arm and placing of maggot in the subsequent flaky wound.the least effective sequence are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session
where three man take turn slapping the hell out of the girl
as her head falls about and a second sequence
where the three man take turn kicking the girl
and pushing her to the ground .
these two scene are obviously staged
and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings.the actress
who plays the victim of the `` experimant '' is pretty convincing at being in pain
and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera .
her reaction
as she has headphone strapped to her head and loud noise
are played for hour on end
are chilling .
some of the other abuse
she takes
is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only time
she is given a rest .
also there is a disturbing scene
where the giggling captor through gut at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene
where she is spun in an office chair
and forced to drink a bottle of jack daniel till
she pukes.if you
have not seen this series i hope
i have helped you decide
whether or not you want to give this episode a shot .
8.5/10 for devil 's experimant .
