jason bourne sit in a dusty room in with blood on his hand ,
trying to make sense of what he is just done .
meanwhile 
a cia chief in nyc outline the agency 's response to what is just happened on screen .
an american flag stands proudly on the centre of his desk in the foreground of the shot ,
but
as he speaks ,
it slips out of focus
as his plan veer into morally dubious territory ,
as if it does not want to be associated with the course of action
the government man decides is necessary in the interest of national security.this shot
effectively captures the mood of the film .
as well as portraying bourne 's quest
to find out
how he became jason bourne ,
ultimatum is also an examination of the human cost of the measure
taken
to protect us in the interest of stability
and security.it is also probably the best film
you will see in the cinema this year .
it is just so intense .
bourne says to simon ross
( considine )
`` this is not some newspaper story ,
this is real ''
and in the audience you almost believe him .
the camera shakes ,
but remains steady enough for you to see everything
and feel
like you are there with bourne
as he tries to elude his pursuer ,
and the performance are so good
that these guy seem
as though they are the character
they are portraying ,
instead of just being actor performing well-written role .
the action scene are so utally fast-paced and well choreographed
that they seem instinctive instead of planned to the minutest movement ;
the stunt-work is nothing short of amazing.the pacing is just incredible .
it keeps driving forward towards its conclusion ,
but not so fast
that it leaves you struggling to piece together the plot ;
the script delivers the information you need as quickly
and clearly as possible
before moving on to the next tense action set-piece .
while they are often simple
( the waterloo sequence is essentially just a man on a phone
being watched by a man on a phone )
they are charged with such dramatic intensity
that you can not take your eye off them .
the film is just so focused on powering forward
that you can not help being swept along by it.with its intense action set-piece 
illiantly paced storyline 
and intelligent examination of the decision
made in the name of national security ,
the bourne series is one
that accurately captures the ambiguity of our age .
ultimatum is its peak .
