i can give you four reason to see this movie:1. four of the best filmmaker in the contemporary mexican cinema.2 .
four good story ,
related into a big scheme.3 .
a surprisingly good cast.4 .
a bitter reflexion about the biggest trouble in this country
( and many other ) .
( possible spoiler )
alejandro gamboa opens this movie with a good story in a comedic mood about the authority
practicing the extortion against regular person
and still expecting to be appreciated by its effort .
then antonio serrano gets more dramatic in the second piece with a story heir to the italian neorealism with a `` peter and the wolf '' -like anecdote.in the third story 
the one
that seems more independent from this series even in the context ,
carlos carrera tells us the story of a man
being at the wrong place in the wrong moment .
but after the recent lynching at tlahuac and the tradition in this awful matter at the state of mexico 
this story could not be more updated.and at the end 
fernando sari\u00f1ana return to the dark humor in the `` grand finale ''
in which he puts together the most of the character from the past sequence in one of the better comedy piece ever filmed .
reprising the center scene from one of his previous film `` todo el poder '' ,
sari\u00f1ana gives the final lesson of the theme .
and by the way 
give us the scene
that steals the movie with anna ciochettus
making a ief striptease.once
the movie
has ended ,
you get a bittersweet feeling
about having looked at a good movie
( and maybe enjoyed it )
with a very painful subject .
they say
that in mexico person laugh at their own disgrace and this is the best example .
this film is a testimony
of how mexican have learn to live in the middle of a crime state
( and perhaps accepted it ) ,
between two fire :
the criminal and the so-called authority full of corruption .
even this movie is a wishful thinking
because almost all the good person have been a victim of crime
and they do not get this unhurt .
if you had an assault without a scratch
then you are lucky .
meanwhile 
do not lose the chance
to see this movie ,
highly recommended.and it is a beautiful life in mexico ...
