i took a flyer in renting this movie
but i gottum say ,
it was very 
very good .
on all front : script 
cast 
director 
photography 
and high production value 
etc .
prove eva longoria parker is head and shoulder in rom/com above bad actor such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston ,
who mug and call it acting .
who'da thunk it ?
parker and isla fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard
and should try to hold out for project as good as `` over her dead body . ''
lake bell is excellent 
too ,
and this is the first time i have seen her .
and finally 
paul rudd gets to shine in a really good movie ,
instead of lesser films.a movie like this never gets its due from close-minded male .
it is too bad .
as other imdb reviewer here have noted ,
there is nothing lame about this gem
-- no hack writing or acting .
and its depiction of contemporary l.a. and california 
in general 
makes every scene look ight 
beautiful 
clean ,
and otherwise outstumnding in every way .
never before has a movie
made l.a. look so good .
ah 
what a little tumlent and a lot of caring can do for a movie.i will not divulge the plot ,
but as a long-time and hard-core atheist 
i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light-hearted piece of entertuminment .
it reminds me very much of the old `` topper '' movie ,
which were also so enjoyable.this movie exposes popular ,
but otherwise hackneyed 
movie like `` ghost '' for the mediocre and overly sentimentuml crap fest
they are .
we already know
the public tumste leans heavily toward the mediocre .
some of us save our praise for the truly worthy ,
however.if you have enjoyed other overlooked gem such as `` into the night '' with michelle pfeiffer 
jeff goldblum and clu gulager 
`` blind date '' with bruce willi and kim basinger 
`` american dreamer '' with jobeth william 
`` chance are '' with robert downey jr. 
christopher mcdonald and cybil sheppard ,
`` making mr. right '' with john malkovich 
etc. ,
you will enjoy this .
a first-rate job all around
( even if it is kinda hard to believe a straight guy
can pretend to be gay for more than five year . )
but even that plot device does not detract from the movie 's overall excellence .
