ok 
here it is :
`` nazi mountaineer befriends the dalai lama . ''
what we do is ,
first we get a major star with no idea whatsoever how to do a germanic accent ,
and we let him flounder around between french 
german 
american 
and british for over 2 hour .
then we concoct a series of wildly improbable event
and space them apart very widely ,
so that the plot inch along almost imperceptibly .
but just to make sure the viewer doesn\u00b4t fall asleep ,
we throw in detail
which are shockingly absurd 
such as our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 foot .
naturally 
we must also remember
that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitle ,
so we have every character 
even the lowliest peasant in the forbidden closed-off city of lhasa in 1943 
speak perfect english 
also with dubious accent .
of course 
the trickiest part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspect of the story ,
so what we do is this :
we have the dalai lama befriend the now-reformed nazi
because the latter is so good at fiddling with film projector 
radio 
antique car ,
and any other device with represent the freedom of the capitalist west .
in return 
our hero learns from his young proteg\u00e9 a kind of vague 
undefined buddhism
which is never really ought out or treated in a serious fashion .
we also have lot of scene with the hero flaunting all the mark of respect and protocol
which the rest of the tibetan society accords the dalai lama ,
even as we pretend
that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these person and their spiritual leader .
in other word 
we just expect the audience to believe
that this guy is now a buddhist 
sort of 
in his own way ,
even though we ourselves don\u00b4t seem to know what his transformation entails or how far we want it to go .
and last but not least 
we hang a statistic onto the end of the film
about how appallingly the chinese have treated the tibetan
( which is certainly true ) ,
thus opening ourselves up to charge
that we have made a `` political '' movie ,
even though it is nothing of the sort .
so 
zat ist my idea .
vat do you zink ?
can ve make zis movie ?
