based on the personal experience of director john singleton 's time at the university of southern california ,
comes higher learning .
a film centered on the racial politic
that occur at modern day college.there
are three main character
to which the film bases its foundation around for its story :
malik william 
an carefree lowow athlete
who is an african american male .
kristin conner 
a sheltered soft white girl 
and remy 
a unsophisticated unconnected white male .
all three are overcome by the sudden reality
that college life is not as good
as it is advertised as all three go through disappointment
by being unprepared
( malik ) ,
by being naive
( kristin ) ,
and by being unwanted
( remy )
.one good thing about the film is that it does show
that modern american college are just high school writ large .
the college are not place
to build character 
develop potential 
or enhance personal advancement ,
but they are institution used to gather all sort of student in a one-size-fits-all atmosphere .
it is an experience
that usually is built for failure for most student .
it would have been good
if the film built it story about this travesty rather than racial politic.but
it did not
and that is where the film falls apart .
singleton ,
it seems ,
had a pretty bad experience at southern california .
through this film he lets it all hang out .
there is no need to beat around the bush here .
singleton lets the hero and the villain of this piece be easily seen.the black character in the film are pretty much seen as the hero here
while all the white in the film are seen as the villain 
save for kristin ,
who was raped by a fellow white student.who can understand the inconsistency of this film ?
black gang member who come to the aid of a white girl
after she points out to them
who supposedly raped her ?
the ease
that the black gang member have at the university
while a bunch of skin head meet in a dark small dorm planning violence ?
the performance of omar epps
( malik )
and kristy swanson
( kristin )
are disappointing .
they do seem like the third choice for the role
that they played in this movie
( tupac shakur and drew barrymore were supposed to play malik and kristin
but were unavailable ) .
o'shea jackson aka ice cube 
busta rhyme 
and regina king were all irritating in their respective role .
and laurence fishburne was woefully miscast here as the history professor .
only michael rappaport did well in this film
and he did considering
that his character 
of the three main character 
changed the most in the film.john singleton wanted to take on the matter of race and inequality in american college life with this film .
and he did so quite badly .
it was sort like killing a fly with a shotgun .
life is far more complex than it seems
and person are alike all over
and he should know this .
higher learning is proof
that he did not understand this at all .
seeing the film ,
then and now 
would only confuse 
disappoint and enrage the same public he would wish to speak to .
not to mention it would not entertain them in the slightest .
