the menagerie part one and two was the only 2-parter during the 3-year run of the original trek series
and it was because roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage from the 1st pilot `` the cage . ''
the move was made out of necessity 
to combat deadline problem in getting episode produced
( such a sf show back in the 1960 was a hassle
to get done on time ) .
one positive outcome back
then was that audience 
unaware of the pilot produced almost a couple of year earlier ,
were treated to a whole new crew and captain for these two episode on top of the regular cast of character ,
as if the producer had spent double the money on these episode
to present a tv epic spanning a dozen year of starfleet history
( though they still used term such as 'united space fleet ' in these early episode )
.the wraparound story begins as a space mystery plot :
the enterprise is diverted to starbase 11 for unknown reason
and very soon spock is a suspect in these shenanigan .
astonishingly ,
though even mccoy belabor the fact
that spock 's vulcan heritage makes subterfuge on his part impossible ,
it does turn out
that spock is indeed acting out some mutinous scheme to shanghai our precious starship and kidnap his former captain 
pike 
now horribly crippled .
well 
spock is half human ,
we tend to forget .
or has he simply gone mad ?
it may very well be ,
for he is directing enterprise to talos iv 
a planet
so off-limits it is the subject of the only known death penalty on starfleet 's book .
when the jig is up ,
there is a great scene of spock surrendering to a flabbergasted mccoy ,
as uhura look on in shock .
even kirk 
usually steady
as a captain should be ,
does not know what to make of his first officer 's illogical conduct.in the 3rd and final act ,
we begin to see transmitted image of a mission of the enterprise from 13 year prior 
when capt .
pike was commanding
and spock was one of his officer .
we really do not know
where all this is going
and what spock hopes to accomplish -
and that is another thing
that makes this a very good 2-parter -
we really need to find out what it is all about in the 2nd part .
not only is spock facing severe penalty ,
but it look like kirk 's career may be finished 
as well .
double jeopardy 
folk .
this is also the 1st televised episode to feature one of those shuttlecraft
( none were available in the earlier `` the enemy within ''
when the craft were really needed ) .
there is also one of those neat matte painting
to convey the ambiance of a futuristic starbase - this was the only way to visualize such thing back then .
finally 
check out kirk 's smug approach at the start of the episode - boy ,
do thing go sideways on him as the story progresses .
