written and directed by steve gordon .
running time :
97 minute .
classified pg.it was the quintessential comedy of the decade .
it won sir john gielgud the academy award .
it was even featured in vh1 's `` i love the 80 's . ''
and it looks just as good today
as it did upon
it is initial release .
arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic about a drunken millionaire
( played with enthusiasm and wit by dudley moore in an oscar-nominated performance )
who must choose between the woman
he loves and the life
he is grown accustomed to .
while the basic plot is one big cliche ,
there is nothing trite about this congenial combination of clever dialogue and hilarious farce .
arthur bach is essentially nothing more than a pretentious jerk ,
but you can not help but like him .
especially when he delivers line such as ,
`` do not you wish you were me ?
i know i do ! ''
he is also a delineation from the archetypical movie hero :
unlike most wealthy character
we see on the silver screen ,
he is not ashamed of being filthy rich .
in one scene 
a man asks him ,
`` what does it feel like to have all that money ? 
''
to which he responds ,
`` it feels great . ''
moore lend such charisma and charm to a character
that would otherwise be loathed by his audience .
and gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant ,
addressing his master with extreme condescension in spite of the fact
that his salary depend on him .
arthur is one of those movie
that does not try to be illiant or particularly exceptional :
it just comes naturally .
the screenplay
-- which also earned a nod from the academy --
is saturated with authentic laugh-out-loud dialogue .
this is the kind of movie
that ,
when together with a bunch of poker buddy ,
you quote endlessly to one another .
it also looks at its character with sincere empathy .
there have been a number of comedy
that attempt to dip into drama
by including the death or illness of a principal star
( including both grumpy old man 's ) ,
but few can carry it off
because we just do not care .
when this movie makes the dubious decision to knock off the butler ,
it actually works ,
because we genuinely like these person .
why should you see arthur ?
the answer is simple :
because it is an all-around 
non-guilty pleasure .
at a period in which film are becoming more and more serious ,
arthur reminds us what it feels like to go to the movie
and just have a good time .
**** - classic
