the hamilton tells the story of the four hamilton sibling 
teenager francis
( cory knauf ) ,
twins wendell
( joseph mckelheer )
and darlene
( mackenzie firgen )
and the eldest david
( samuel )
who is now the surrogate parent in charge .
the hamilton 's move house a lot ,
franic is unsure whyand is unhappy with the way
thing are .
the fact
that his other 's and sister kidnap 
imprison and murder person in the basement does not help relax or calm francis ' nerve either .
francis know
's something just is not right
and when he eventually finds out the truth thing will never be the same again ... co-written 
co-produced and directed by mitchell altieri and phil flore as the butcher brother
( who 's only other film director 's credit so far is the april fool 's day
( 2008 )
remake ,
enough said )
this was one of the 'film to die for ' at the 2006 after dark horrorfest
( or whatever it is called )
and in keeping with pretty much all the other 's i have seen i thought
the hamilton was complete total and utter crap .
i found the character 's really poor 
very unlikable and the slow moving story failed to capture my imagination or sustain my interest
over it is 85 and a half minute too long 86 minute duration .
the there is the awful twist at the end
which had me laughing out loud ,
there is this really big sustained build up to what is inside a cupboard thing in the hamilton basement
and it is eventually revealed to be a little boy with a teddy .
is that really supposed to scare us ?
is that really supposed to shock us ?
is that really something
that is supposed to have us talking about it as the end credits roll ?
is a harmless looking young boy the best 'twist ' ending
that the maker could come up with ?
the boring plot plod along 
it is never made clear where the hamilton get all their money from to buy new house since none of them seem to work
( except david in a slaughterhouse and i doubt
that pay much )
or why they have not been caught before now .
the script tries to mix in every day drama with potent horror
and it just does a terrible job
of combining the two to the extent
that neither aspect is memorable or effective .
a really bad film
that i am struggling to say anything good about.despite
being written
and directed by the extreme sounding butcher brother there is no gore here ,
there is a bit of blood splatter and a few scene of girl chained up in a basement
but nothing you could not do at home yourself with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder .
the film is neither scary
and since it is got a very middle-class suburban setting
there is zero atmosphere or mood .
there is a lesbian and suggest incestuous kis
but the hamilton is low on the exploitation scale
and there is not much here for the horror crowd.filmed in petaluma in california this has
that modern low budget look about it ,
it is not badly made but rather forgettable .
the acting by an unknown
( to me )
cast is nothing to write home about and i can not say
i ever felt anything for anyone.the hamilton commits the cardinal sin of being both dull and boring from
which it never recover .
add to that an ultra thin story 
no gore 
a rubbish ending and character 's
who you do not give a toss about and you
have a film
that did not impress me at all .
