i am a big fan of pacino movie .
he is one of 
if not the best 
actor of this genre .
however 
this movie could have been a whole lot better
even though it had a poor cast .
all they had to do was tell the story of carlito brigante up
until he went to jail .
instead it seemed like this was just one of many story
that could be told of carlito .
all or even some of the question about his past
that
we wondered about in the original could
have been answered .
as far as i am concerned ,
thats the only way
you can make this movie .
instead we get this prequel
that has almost none of the original character in it 
a character
that plays a different part from the original
( horrible move ) ,
and a totally different love interest for carlito .
do not even get me started with puffy .
no way can i take
that cat seriously as a gangsta
after watching him dance in all his artist videos .
evertytime
that dude opened his mouth i was waiting for him to start dancing .
he made me laugh if anything .
mario van peeple surprised me with his role .
i thought
he was gon na give a lackluster performance due to his recent history .
he did rather well .
he was probably the most `` believable '' out of the entire cast in my opinion .
jay hernandez did his best
but does not have the skill right now in his career
to take on this role .
i appreciated his energy and his effort though .
hard to follow up pacino .
the only way
you could even have a clue about what kind of person carlito was ,
is to watch the original .
otherwise 
carlito look like a cold blooded killer in one scene then a spineless wimp in another .
he was one of the baddest gangstas of his time
but you would only see flash of that in this movie .
maybe this is a pitiful way for hollywood
to try
and make a 2nd prequel to cash in on this failure .
would not surprise me.overall 
in my opinion 
this movie fell well short or what it could have been .
the only reason
i gave it a 3
was because i laughed a lot and mario van peeple earned some respect back with me .
a serious director should have taken this movie
and actually put time into the story
and turned it into an actual prequel .
i am extremely disappointed
that this movie was not taken seriously .
they would 've been better off making this into a mini-series on hbo
and actually telling the story like the original suggest .
at the end of the movie 
they had the nerve to suggest
that carlito would have to come back to the city .
heeellllo ... .thats the part everyone
wants to see ! ! !
then again 
this is all just my opinion .
i can not tell you how to waste your money .
