as a massive fan of fantasy in general 
and of the work of neil gaiman *in particular* 
i have been looking forward to this film so avidly 
so hungrily and with such a bittersweet mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment
that i can scarcely believe
it is finally here .
and you know what ?
i need n't have feared ,
the film version is bl**dy awesome .
different from the book 
but in a good way - less whimsical 
more comical 
still deeply sweet and enchanting.the special effect are absolutely spot-on ,
and make magic feel a natural
and proper part of the world of wall
without being overtly spectacular
and intrusive.proper attention has been paid to storytelling and pacing ,
and the casting in the main is a triumph 
with the ghostly prince
( whose roll-call read almost as a `` who 's who '' of currently cool british comedy - rupert everett 
david walliam of little britain fame 
two of the bloke from green wing etc )
stealing most of the best line and pretty much all of the film ' funniest moment ,
which exist in abundance .
in fact 
the one minor criticism i have at all of the film
is that sometimes the comedy elements become a little ott ,
subtlety goes out of the window to the detraction of the main story ... . ricky gervais ' cameo 
for example 
was far too much just `` ricky gervais doing his usual david brent from the office comedy persona '' for my liking 
and in my opinion 
created an unwelcome and jolting eak from the magical spell of the progressing story
( though in fairness 
from memory i believe
the ferdy character in the original book was pretty `` ricky gervais '' -esquire
when i think back on it )
... .but this is a minor quibble in an otherwise immaculately cast and scripted fairytale with a good mixture of action and romance .
charlie cox 
as the protagonist tristan 
captures the correct mixture of naivety 
subtle comedy and self-realisation required for a story like this where a `` humble young boy embark on life-changing quest '' ;
claire dane
as yvaine is beautiful 
feisty and just ever so slightly alien or ethereal 
a perfect interpretation of her stellar role ;
robert de niro 
in the cameo every reviewer is talking about ,
is indeed deserving of praise 
rollicking good fun
( looks like he is having a ball 
too ) ...
and michelle pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and nasty as wicked witch lamia 
my favourite performance of the film overall .
if you enjoyed her deliciously b ! tchy performance in the recent `` hairspray '' then you will thoroughly enjoy her in this 
too.so to round off this review :
you will laugh 
for sure ,
you will smile ,
and you may even cry - stardust is a beautiful 
heart-warming fairytale for all the family 
with a heart of gold and more sass 'n smart than is immediately apparent .
one of my all-time favourite film is the absolutely fantastic princes bride ,
and stardust is being readily likened to this with good reason
as it is a very similar type of film
exploring similar theme and territory ... .
and just as the princes bride remains fresh 
smart and funny twenty year after its initial release ,
i believe
that the delicious tongue-in-cheek sweetness of stardust will be showing up as a family favourite on our television
( or equivalent future device ! )
for many year to come .
