a little girl lives with her father and other in the middle of the countryside .
this little girl rosalie has some psychotic tendency
as the movie opens with her feeding kitten to some kind of creature in the cemetery ,
and she has recently lost her mother
who went crazy
but whilst alive enjoyed staying in the wood all night .
the premise of the film has a new young lady
coming to rosalie to take care of her .
she is introduced to the evil of the wood
while driving and 
imagine the suspense here 
experiences a huge blue barrel falling over the side of a cliff
to somehow stop her car dead in its track .
from there she walks to the nearest house and discover mrs. whitfield
who then goes into a whole lot of explanation about rosalie and her family .
the earnestness exuded by the mrs. whitfield character has to be seen to be believed .
well 
the young lady meets up with the child and we soon learn
that not only is she strange
but everyone in the film is very bizarre as well .
they all do share one thing in common
which is none of them ever heard of an acting school .
none of these person can act - as evidenced by the few vehicle any of them in the entire film
appeared in before or since -
and all of them look like they have little idea
what is going on 
pause to remember line ,
and have all the conviction of a paper bag .
the director plod through the material in a slow pace with this horrible piano music crescendoing here
and there at thing that are suppose to be scary .
it takes us a bit
before we get to a couple of murder by the creature friends ,
but by that time i did not care .
the murder are not convincing either ,
and truth be told the whole film look like someone through
it together on their friend 's farm with the person and thing on hand there .
that all being said
the ending does have some creepy aspect
to it
though we do not learn one darn thing
about why rosalie is like this or more importantly
who the creature with the cheap mask are .
cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with .
it basically is a couple old farmhouse and some shed at the end and of course the wood .
someone lent the director a couple old car too .
no special effect of any kind and only the most minimal make-up .
there are so many guffaws/ridiculous moment to list ,
but i will just list a few here
that at the very least made me chuckle from the lack of aptitude from the creative power involved :
1 )
watch the gardener 's body well after he has been `` slain '' .
len comes in and sees him butchered
and you can see his fat belly heave with life .
2 )
the dying scene at the end
where the actress playing rosalie is killed .
she look like
she is listening to direction
and takes her sweet time dying
considering the method .
3 )
how about the guy
playing roaslie 's father
giving us a cranky poor man 's andy griffith .
the scene
where he is laughing about boy scout dying
was a weird hoot .
the child is indeed a very bad film
and is very bad even for the standard of 70 's cheese
if you will .
this is not a b film
but more like a z film with producer harry novak making some money on virtually nothing .
