my scalp still smarts from the burning coal heaped on it
when i vowed i love this film .
bring on the coal ;
i will walk over them as well to say again
that i love `` bend it like beckham . ''
granted 
there is a lot of `` in spite of '' in that confession .
it is a bit movie-of-the-week ;
the screenplay is on the paint-by-numbers side .
and 
most troublingly 
the director 's commentary imply
that in this film beauty can be found primarily amongst the white of skin.the film 's genius is not in what is obvious to the syd field-doctored eye :
character arcs 
theme 
construction .
it is in both the surface and what lurks deep beneath 
but not in those layer of artistic topsoil
that reviewer seem most often to scratch at .
powerful 
sometimes semi-clad female body not simply on display
but kicking the crap out of a football do a better job of naturalizing female strength and agility than lara croft or zhang ziyi will ever do .
these are real body
( keira knightley 's excepted )
whose work is not to look great first and kick butt later .
they are working body
whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination .
and 
in my book 
lead actress parminder nagra is one of the most gorgeous creature ever
captured on screen \u0096
not only because she can lay claim to that hackneyed adjective 
`` luminous 
''
but because her performance has an honesty and un-bookish intelligence
that is utterly compelling.the result is a film woman
can enjoy
without feeling like they are making a pact with the devil
to do so .
as in chadha 's `` bride and prejudice 
'' the relationship amongst woman sizzle with a chemistry
that can not be neatly slotted into the stodgy 
sweet valley high category of `` best friend '' or `` sister . ''
perhaps chadha is even right in her commentary to disavow the film 's flirtation with lesbianism .
`` bend it like beckham '' has an electricity
that can not be reduced to the simple hetero/homosexual love triangle its conventionally structured script would suggest .
the precise nature of its pleasure is 
ultimately 
a bit of a mystery \u0096
and is all the more seductive for it.oh yes ,
and did i mention
that it is hilarious ?
