on broadway 
a chorus line was pure magic .
from the second the show opened with a spectacular burst of energy to the truly grand finale 
a joyous curtain call of all those chorus member
who we grew to love during the course of the show ,
we were totally engaged - captivated by the intensely personal story 
some funny 
some clever 
some stirring 
of this chorus line .
the movie is another matter entirely .
the focus is now on the director -
and what an ogre he is !
every time the film switch to michael douglas ,
there he is with a bitter 
sour expression 
barking out question and order ,
screaming and yelling
whenever he gets the chance .
yike ! !
that changes the dynamic of the story .
on broadway 
the director was indeed an imperious offstage presence ,
but he was also sort of a theatrical device
to allow the story of these amazing strong/fragile/intriguing/hilarious chorus line member
to be told with insight and clarity .
there is a reason
this work won the pulitzer prize !
and actually in one of the only moments the director appears ,
he is there to comfort the young puerto rican dancer
after we hear that dancer 's heart-eaking story .
he appears again to ultimately express his genuine affection/ concern for cassie .
but in the movie 
from the second douglas ' director starts bitterly barking order ,
the chorus line member ' story become secondary .
it is like they are in a lousy profession ,
where a jaded director instead of showing the joy
at creating a new exciting theatrical show ,
is jaded 
exhausted 
furious at having to audition these chorus member .
on stage 
there was always the excitement of the show .
here in the movie practically from the word go ,
you feel sorry for everyone involved .
during the course of the musical 
we desperately wished every single one of those chorus member well ,
and how happy
we would have been
if they had all gotten the job !
but of course that could not happen .
but in the finale
when they all came back in glorious costume with those amazing spinning mirror on stage ,
sometimes reflecting us in the audience 
in our heart ,
and we know ,
also in the heart of all those chorus member both accepted and rejected ,
they were on stage forever
dancing in a profession
they loved so much 
inging magic to the theatre .
in the movie 
after all the misplaced story line and emphasis ,
that magic become totally diluted .
all we feel
( even with the exact same curtain call ) ,
is that some of the member got a job with a mean-spirited director .
so they all come on the screen
and are dancing again .
big deal .
