****spoilers**** the film `` sniper '' is undoubtedly based on the exploit of legendary us marine sniper carlos `` gunny '' hathcock .
the unassuming soft-spoken mister roger look-alike
who ran up a score of as much as 300 confirmed and unconfirmed vietcong and north vietnamese military kill during his two tour in `` nam '' .which shows
just how deadly and effective a trained military sniper really is.tom berenger is cool clam and deadly as sgt.thomas beckett
who 's at the end of his career as a top us marine sniper
but who later in the movie realizes
that a life as a civilian will be pointless .
since there is nothing outside for him to do with his skill
that he learned in the us marine
unless he decides to become a mob hit-man .
backett reluctantly accepts his fate as a lifetime professional killer for his country.the story of the film `` sniper '' is focused on sgt.beckett with the assistance of former sharp shooting silver medalist and us government agent richard miller 
billy zane ,
being sent deep inside the panamanian jungle .
the two sniper are to take out rebel general miguel alveraze 
frederick miraglittoa 
and colombian drug king-pin raul ochoa 
carlos alveraze ,
who 's supporting him in a planned a military take-over of the country .
we see earlier in the movie sgt .
beckett scope and take out a rebel leader
which i feel
was the best scene in `` sniper '' .
for it shows step by step how sgt .
beckett with the help of his spotter cpt .
papich 
aden young 
does his job .
there is also a sub-plot
that was later aborted in the movie about a rebel sniper desilva 
eward wiley ,
who was stalking beckett
and who later killed papich
as they were both waiting to be lifted out of the jungle by a military helicopter .
you would have thought
that a deadly cat and mouse was being played out between the two
that would culminate
when the movie ended but sgt .
beckett had no trouble at all in dispatching desilva early in the film
by using an unsuspecting miller
as bait.what hurt the movie the most was ironically the last fifteen or so minute
when the story went from a one shot
one kill sniper movie to a rambo-like ending with sgt .
beckett and agent miller fighting off an entire battalion of rebel with bullet flying as thick as a london fog .
`` sniper '' is still well worth
watching for the fact
that it tells the story about a person
who until now has not really been glamorized in war movie :
a solitary killer
who kill with the precision and skill of a master diamond cutter or accomplished neurosurgeon
and who does it in total secrecy .
