following the release of cube 2 :
hypercube
( 2003 ) ,
and playing off the alleged success of the original cube ( 1998 ) 
director ernie barbarash takes the liberty of inging us the third installment in the trilogy 
the prequel cube zero.deep in the bowel of a giant and faceless institution 
time and place unknown 
two low-ranking operator 
wynn
( zachary bennett )
and dodd
( david huband )
sit and observe on monitor the behavior of person
that have been placed in a giant network of cubic chamber ,
some of which are rigged with death trap .
told that the person
they are observing
are convicted felon
who chose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection ,
these observer have had no problem with their job until wynn 
a mathematical genius 
discover
that one of the prisoner 
a woman
named cassandra
( stephanie moore )
never agreed to be put inside the cube .
suddenly it is realized that perhaps their `` job '' are not what they seem ,
and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted ... for person
that have seen and enjoyed the original cube ,
this prequel will probably not be to your liking .
it is not that the story does not have potential ;
it is simply that the first cube film never needed to be expanded on .
standing alone ,
it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concept and a certainty about its own message .
it was also nicely self-contained .
the problem with cube zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original ,
attempting to answer question with more question
but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing.what this new film has to offer ,
which is question about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil ,
certainly are good question to be raised ,
but probably should have been done so on their own merit 
rather than as a continuation of a film
that had no such aspirations.having
said this 
the other trait of the film 
such as acting and direction and writing 
are not awful .
there is a bleak ,
dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix ' and 'dark city ' ,
and they have certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube .
unfortunately for barbarash 
these are not enough positive quality
to save it .
