pendragon picture ' new film `` h g well ' war of the world '' 
the first faithful adaptation of the original novel 
has been in development for about 5 year .
a theatrical release was intended for earlier this year
( march 
2005 )
but this never happened .
the dvd was rushed out to coincide with the release of spielberg 's version ,
which hits theatre june 29.i liked this film ,
with certain reservations.how faithful is the adaptation ?
it is not quite 100 % faithful to well ' book ,
but 90 - 95 % faithful is good enough for me .
at least several scene were totally new 
such as ogilvy the astronomer 's confrontation with a farmer ,
and the unnamed writer/narrator awkwardly having tea with his cousin .
but on the whole 
this film follows the book very closely
-- certainly much more than the classic 1953 version by george pal.it greatest fault is that it was obviously made on a very cheap budget .
the majority of it seems to have been shot blue-screen and composited with digitally rendered background .
this is particularly annoying during most of the interior shot ,
and scene of crowded city street .
the overview of 1898 london look like something from a video game .
numerous scene in horse-carriage were faked
-- i guess
they could not afford to rent a horse .
the only scene shot for `` real '' seem to be those in open field or forests.but within those budget restriction ,
they managed to do quite a lot .
artistically 
the film looks right .
the martian and their tripod are quite well done 
and very true to well ' description .
i was particularly impressed with the heat ray .
although the thunder child sequence ,
which should have been one of the film 's highlight ,
is very disappointing .
it is a great shame
that they could not afford more actual set 
or better quality animation.the acting and direction will not win any oscar .
for the most part 
they are competent 
not bad 
but not outstanding .
the music is quite good also ,
though not on a par with any of the major hollywood composers.i am
actually glad this did not get a theatrical release ,
because the budget limitation would have made
it look much worse on a big screen .
as it stands ,
i would rate this similarly to a bbc-tv adaptation of classic literature.a few nitpick :
most of the scene are presented with various colored filter
( mostly red ) .
this may have been an artistic choice ,
but it is used very inconsistently ,
and seems more like a sloppy job of mastering the dvd .
and the writer/narrator 's obviously fake moustache mutate from scene to scene.bottom line
-- is it worth seeing ?
if you can look past the technical and budgetary limitation ,
and get into the story ,
i think
you will enjoy this ,
especially if you have actually read the original h g well novel .
if 
however 
you are easily put off by cheap production value ,
you would best pass on this
( unless you are a mst3k fan ) .
be warned ,
however that the film runs a full 3 hour ,
so i do not recommend watching it all in one sitting.btw :
an entirely different version of war of the world
( aka `` invasion '' )
came out on dvd the same month
that spielberg 's hit the theatre :
http :
//imdb.com/title/tt0449040/ .
this was also made on a budget ,
but is updated to the present day like the spielberg film -
but it is much better !
and to top it off ,
jeff wayne is making an animated film of his best-selling album from 1978 ,
but that will not be out until 2007 .
