my name is julia ross is a mesmerizing 1945 b thriller from joseph h. lewis 
arguably one of the very finest director of hollywood noir film .
this 65 minute gothic oddity from columbia picture came
after lewis ' lengthy apprenticeship as the helmer of a string of poverty row western 
east side kid comedy 
horror melodramas
( including the incredibly bizarre bela lugosi shocker the invisible ghost )
and standard studio b product
( secret of a co-ed 
bomb over burma 
the falcon in san francisco 
etc )
-- -all of which set the stage rather nicely for what was to come from the enormously talented and inventive mr. lewis .
my name is julia ross
( as well as so dark the night from the following year )
introduced a director
who had mastered the rare and delicate art
telling a dark and probing tale swiftly
and efficiently on the most modest of budget .
later lewis production like gun crazy
( 1949 )
and the big combo
( 1955 ) ,
despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure ,
continued to rely upon deft ,
lucid camera work and effective low-key lighting .
and very modest resources.my name is julia ross probably owes more to the tradition of british mystery
( it is set in a studio-bound england )
than it does to conventional film noir attitude and trapping .
a young woman
( nina foch )
agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman
( dame mae witty ) .
two day after her arrival she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and 
mysteriously enough 
with a and new identity
-- -that of the old woman 's daughter-in-law .
told
that she is been the victim of a nervous eakdown ,
she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament .
but before long she begins to piece together the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery ,
that her `` husband ''
( the always menacing george macready )
most probably murdered his real wife
and that she is been duped into participating in a harrowing and sinister scheme .
much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touch
that lewis ings to the production ,
marking it as the first of his truly serious endeavor as a film director .
