godard once said
a way
to criticize a movie
is to just make one ,
and probably the strongest kind
that could be made about ralph bakshi 's take on tolkien 's magnum opus the lord of the ring ,
has actually been made by peter jackson .
the recent trilogy 
to me 
are not even total masterpiece ,
but they are given enough room with each book to eath in all the post-modern technique crossed with classical storytelling
to make them very good 
sweeping entertainment .
but as one
who has not read the book ,
i end up now looking upon the two version 
live-action
( albeit partly animated in its big visual effect way )
and animated
( albeit partly done with actual live action as the framework )
in relation to just the basic story ,
not even complete faithfulness to the book .
and with bakshi 's version 
it is almost not fair in a way ,
as what we do see is really not the complete vision ,
not what jackson really had
( probably final cut ) .
robbed of return of the king 's big climactic rush of the story 
and with the other two part becoming rushed 
i ended up liking
it more for what it did within its limitation ,
though as such those same limitation make it disappointing.what is interesting too ,
after seeing the jackson film first-
which i also slightly regret
being that i might 've reacted to this differently
when i was younger and prior to five year ago- is that the basic element of the story never get messed up with .
everything that is really needed
to tell the fellowship of the ring story is actually pretty much intact ,
and if anything what was probably even more gigantic and epic in tolkien 's book is given some clarity in this section .
the actor
playing the part of the hobbit and the other hero ,
are more or less adequate for the part ,
with a few part standing out
( john hurt as aragorn and william squire as gandalf ) .
the lack of extra characterization does
end up
making thing
seem a little face-value for those
who 've not even seen the other film
or read the book
and can not put them into context .
but there is some level of interest alway with the character ,
and here there is a more old-fashioned sensibility amid the large aura of it being more .
this is not a garden variety disney adaptation- wart and all ,
this is a bakshi film ,
with his underground animation root colliding with the mythical world of middle earth.and what bakshi and his animation team ing to the film is one
that ends up giving what is on screen 
in all its abeviated form 
its hit or miss appeal .
along with being not totally complete as a film 
or as story ,
the form of the film is an experiment ,
to see
if something can be entirely rotoscoped .
the result end up inging what seems now to be retro ,
but at the time of course was something
that was a rough ,
crazy inspiration on the part of the filmmaker .
might it have been better with more traditional drawn animation ?
in some part 
yeah ; it does become a little noticeable ,
as was also the case in bakshi 's american pop ,
that the main character move in such way
that are a little shaky ,
like some kind of comic-book form done in a different way .
still 
there is much i admired in what was done .
the orcs 
for example 
i found to be really amazing
in they are surreal surrounding .
they are maybe the best part of the combination of the animation on top of the live-action 
especially during part where there is not battle footage
( that is really the real hit-or-miss section ,
as there is not continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping ) ,
and the chiaroscuro comes through with big shape on top of horseback .
it is creepy in a good way .
and the background ,
while also very rough and sometimes too sketchy ,
are beautiful with the mixture and blast of color together .
it is almost something for art-film buff as much as for the ring-nuts.so ,
how would i recommend this animated take on the lord of the ring ?
i do not know ,
to tell the truth .
it is certainly a good notch above the other tolkien animated film i
have seen 
the hobbit
( and i have yet to see the animated rotk ) ,
and there is some real artistry going on .
there is also some stilted dialog 
an all-too-rushed two tower segment with the most intriguing character gollum being reduced
to maybe two scene in all .
and seeing something
as fragmented like this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the more recent film .
if you are a fan of the book contemplating checking this out ,
i would say
it is worth a chance ,
even if it is one of those chance
where you watch for forty minute
and then decide whether to stop it or not .
as for it fitting into bakshi 's other film i have seen
it is an impressive ambitious and spotty achievement ,
where as with lynch 's dune it is bound to draw a dark 
mordor-like line in the sand between those
who hate it passionately and those
who do not .
i do not .
