where was this film
when i was a kid ?
after his parent split up tadashi move with his mom
to live his his grandfather .
tadashi 's sister stay with their dad
and they talk frequently on the phone .
grandfather is only `` here '' every third day .
mom never really home .
the kid always are picking on the poor kid .
during a village festival tadashi is chosen the `` kirin rider '' or spiritual champion of the peace and justice .
little does he suspect
that soon he will have to actually step into role of hero as the force of darkness join up with the rage of thing
discarded in a plot
to destroy mankind and the spiritual world.okay
that was the easy part .
now comes the hard part ,
trying to explain
the film.this is a great kid film .
no this is a great film 
flawed ,
( very flawed ? )
but a great film none the less .
it unfolds like all of those great book you loved as a kid
and is just as dense at time
as tadashi struggles to find the strength
to become a hero .
watching it i felt i was reading a great book ,
and thought
how huge this would have been
if it was a book .
i loved
that the film does not follow a normal path .
thing often happen out of happenstance or through miscommunication 
one character gets sucked into event
simply
because his foot falls asleep .
there are twist and turn
and moment
that seem like non sequiter
and are all the more charming for it
( which is typical miike )
certainly its a takashi miike film .
that japanese master of film is clearly in charge of a film
that often touching 
scary and funny all at the same time .
no one except miike seems to understand
that you can have many emotion at the same time ,
or that you can suddenly
have twist as thing get dark one second and then funny the next .
i admire the fact
that miike has made a film
that is bleak and hopeful ,
that does not shy away from being scary ,
i mean really scary 
especially for kid .
this is the same dark territory
that should be in the harry potter movie
but rarely is .
this a dark grimms tale with humor .
my first reaction upon
seeing the opening image
was that i could not believe
anyone would begin a kid film with a picture of the end of the world ,
then i realized
who was making the movie .
hat off to miike
for making a movie
that knows kid can handle the frightening images.it also operating on more than one level .
the mechanical monster
that the bad guy make are forged from mankind 's discarded junk .
its the rage of being thrown away
that fuels the monster.one of the yokai
( spirit )
talk about the rage sneaker thrown away
because they are dirty or too small feel
when they are tossed .
you also have one of the good guy refusing
to join the bad guy
because that would be the human thing to do .
its a wild concept ,
but like other thing floating around its what lifts this movie to another level .
( there are a good many riff and reference to other movie 
tv show and novel
that make me wonder
who this film
is for since kid may not understand them ,
though many parent will )
and of course there are the monster .
they run the gamut from cheesy
to spectacular with stop everywhere in between .
frankly you have to forgive the unevenness of their creation
simply because they are has to be hundred if not thousand of monster on screen .
its way cool and it works .
one of the main character is a yokai
which
i think
is best described as a hamster in a tunic
and is often played by a stuffed animal ,
it looks dumb
and yet you will be cheering the little bugger and loving every moment
he rides on tadashi 's head .
( acceptance is also easier
if you have ever seen the old woodcut of the weird japanese monster )
i mentioned flaw ,
and there are a few .
the effect are uneven ,
some of the sudden turn are a bit odd
( even if understandable )
and a few other minor thing
which are fading now some two hour
after watching the film.. none of them truly hurt the film over all ,
however most kind of keep you from being completely happy with the movie.i really loved this movie .
i am pretty sure
that
if i saw this as a kid
it would have been my favorite film of all time .
( where is the english dub ?
)
.see this movie .
its a great trip .
( besides its a good introduction to the film of miike minus the blood and graphic sex )
