hayao miyazaki 's second feature film 
and his first one to be widely acclaimed both commercially and critically
( though his debut - nausicaa aka warrior of the wind is considered by many fan his best ) ,
'tenku no shiro rapyuta ' aka 'castle in the sky ' may seem childish and simplistic
when compared to his more recent masterpiece like 'kiki 's delivery service ' 
'mononoke-hime ' and 'spirited away ' ,
but in 1986 it was year ahead of its time
and it was one of the milestone of modern anime .
it is important to remember
that 'castle in the sky ' was made two year before the revolutionary 'akira ' ,
and
while it is not provocative and controversial like the aforementioned masterpiece ,
the lead character are all mainly basic manga hero / heroine / villain type character ,
and the story is quite predictable and obvious
( at least in today 's standard ) ,
miyazaki 's design and animation work are of standard
never seen before .
while the story and humor are a bit silly and outdated at time ,
the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable -
if not as eathtaking as 'spirited away ' .
and if you will allow yourself to see the beauty of the frame themselves
and ignore the low-budget coloring and animation and the identical twin faces - at this point miyazaki is still faithful to his root and to the agreed standard of japanese cartooning -
you will see miyazaki 's genius shine through as well
as it does on 'spirited away ' and mononoke .
while 'castle in the sky ' ,
being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for child ,
fit in more neatly with classic anime than anything else
he had done since ,
his motif and principle still show
and play an important part .
to say
much more would be to ruin the movie ,
so i will kindly shut up .
suffice to say
that i am giving it only nine star
because
if i gave
it ten i could not go any higher for 'spirited away ' and 'princess mononoke ' .
and that would be a crime.as in most anime movie ,
i recommend watching the japanese version with the english subtitle ,
even if you do not speak a word of japanese
- the english overdubs just do not tend to be very good ,
and in this case it is just horrendous .
you might want to watch it in the english version once 
though 
just for the laugh 
and for the star-filled cast
( the english dub was only recorded following the success of 'spirited away ' ,
as it was for 'kiki 's delivery service ' )
- anna paquin and jame van der beek
( yeah 
the dawson guy ! )
fill the lead role 
mark hamill
( luke skywalker from 'star war ' ,
in case you do not know ! )
plays the villain ,
and other role are filled by andy dick 
tres macneille
( the simpson 
rugrat 
animaniac ... ) ,
michael mcshane
( friar tuck from kevin costner 's robin hood travesty )
and mandy patinkin
( hello 
my name is inigo montoya ... )
good for a laugh 
or a few laugh really .
but watch the japanese one first .
