astronaut steve west
( alex rebar )
and his comrade undertake a space mission
that sees them flying through the ring of saturn .
his comrade are killed instantly ,
but it would seem that they are in fact the lucky one .
steve return to earth a constantly oozing mass of humanoid pulp ;
as he turns into a savage killer 
melting every step of the way ,
he is tracked by his friend 
dr. ted nelson
( burr debenning )
.this is often so uproariously funny - with enough absurd line and situation
to go around -
that it is hard for me to believe
that the laugh are all unintentional .
it seems to me to be kind of a goof on low-budget genre effort from the '50 's and 60 's ,
and as such 
it is a marvelously entertaining movie .
that sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious .
we are even treated to a split screen sequence
that does not really add anything ,
but is still a gas to watch.writer / director william sachs deserve credit for coming up with this ingenious idea ;
his ultra-slimy character is a memorable one indeed .
i think
his pacing is a little off ;
some scene
( like the one with the elderly couple )
go on a little long ,
but ultimately he delivers solid 
schlocky 
b-movie good with a degree of panache .
the climax is especially fun.arlon ober ' music is enjoyably shuddery
( yet also amusingly silly during some moment ) ,
and willy curtis 's cinematography creates some really great shot at time .
that ings me to rick baker ' fantastic and convincing makeup effect ,
which form a highly respectable centerpiece for the movie ,
right down to the ultimate final melt.rebar is under the heavy makeup for almost the entire movie
( sachs also gets my praise
for having the movie
hit the ground running )
and does what he has to do well enough .
debenning makes for a rather oafish and silly hero ,
and ann sweeney is not so hot
either as his wife ,
but myron healey 
michael alldredge 
and lisle wilson are fine in support .
it is also worth it to see folk like cheryl `` rainbeaux '' smith
( doing an appreciable topless shot ) ,
janus blythe
( of tobe hooper ' `` eaten alive ''
and wes craven ' `` the hill have eye '' ) ,
and even director jonathan demme in a bit part.this is a highly entertaining midnight movie with enough gore 
chill 
and laugh to rate it as worth catching for lover of low-grade sci-fi / horror everywhere.8/10
