cartoon network seems to be desperate for rating .
beginning with the cancellation of samurai jack ,
the network seemed hellbent on removing all the show
that made it so popular 
such as the powerpuff girl 
dexter 's lab 
dragonball z 
etc .
when the rating started to plummet ,
cn began putting up some pretty mediocre show .
though total drama island/action and chowder stand out
because of their clever writing and audience-pleasing gimmick ,
there are plenty of other show
that either terrible remake
( george of the jungle )
or rip off of other show 
such as the marvelous misadventure of flapjack ,
where the title character acts just like spongebob ,
and then there is johnny test ,
which is something of a replacement for dexter 's laboratory ,
though it is much more of a sheer rip off than anything.the show 's character are clearly derived from dexter 's lab ,
only this time the focus is on johnny 
a blonde
( or fiery-haired ) character
who torments his twin sister 
susan and mary ,
who just happen to look just like dexter 
from the orange hair 
to the glass 
the impossible technology .
there is even a rival genius
named bling bling boy or eugene ,
who appears to be sitting in for mandark .
then there is dookie 
johnny 's best friend and talking dog ,
one of dexter 's ... i mean 
susan and mary 's early experiment.dexter 's laboratory was probably one of the best cartoon on television 
with its simple 
but effective art style 
lovable main character ,
and episode that do not seem to be a long drag .
johnny test is a lot different .
the art style here is not nearly as eye-pleasing .
in fact 
it looks abolutely awful .
the character have motivation
that make them really annoying or repulsive .
like how most of the series ' episode consist johnny and dookie 's quest for havoc on the neighborhood girl sissy ,
whom johnny secretly likes 
or the twin ' obsession over a boy next door .
seeing these two geniuse swoon at the sight of ab and the fact
that johnny appears to be someone
you would never want to associate with ,
there is no real connection between the viewer and character.one thing
the series heavily exploits in its name is that johnny is susan and mary 's guinea pig for their experiment .
these range from turning johnny fat 
ugly 
monstrous 
and even into a woman .
the twin then help johnny in whatever scheme
he is planning in return for his service .
whenever there is an episode
involving this kind of `` win/win '' deal ,
it usually comes undone at the seems and those
that does not come completely off the rail
never ends satisfyingly.the writing range from mediocre to horrid 
however .
the 'fat ' episode constantly repeats
`` it is phat with a ph .
there is a difference ,
you know . ''
which is a line
that should never be repeated ,
especially when the episode seems to promote child obesity ,
with johnny becoming a famous star with money and videogame just by becoming fat.let 's talk
about how the show does not completely rip off dexter 's lab .
the show tosses in a lot of character 
from two men-in-black named mr. black and mr. white 
a military general
who seems to need all his problem solved through johnny and his sister 
and lot of super villain 
though even here 
the show again steal idea for other source 
like a mr. freeze teenage clone 
an evil cat with a butler
who wants cat to rule over man
( like the evil
talking cat from powerpuff girl ) 
a bumbling maniac mastermind 
a trio of evil skater 'dude ' and even a mole man ,
which is probably the most clich\u00e9 villain in the media.to top it all off 
alongside its ugly animation and unlikeable character ,
the voice acting is either passable
( like the voice for mr. black and mr. white )
to just plain ear-splitting
( johnny 
dookie ,
and just about every villain in the show ) .
the theme song seems to be the only catchy thing to this show ,
but then it was redone just a few episode with a band
that just ruined it.so in the end ,
johnny test is not a good cartoon .
its horrible reference and joke about teen culture will dismantle little child 's interest in the show ,
while its ight coloring 
ripped-off character ,
and dragging episode will ruin the experience for teen .
it is just another one of those crappy show
that cartoon network is over-promoting to trick person
to watching it
( like mtv toward rap ) .
if you need a show
that will satisfy your child for a half hour ,
you would better stick to spongebob ,
because johnny test is more of a `` test '' of patience than anything else .
