michelle rodriguez is a well-built high-school senior
who discovers
that she has a powerful punch
and begins amateur training at a brooklyn gym .
santiago dougla is a a handsome young man ,
barely older than she ,
who also trains there .
they meet after class ,
so to speak ,
and feel attracted to each other .
no sex .
santiago has been instructed to save it for his next bout.both are participant in a `` gender-blind '' athletic program
that makes no distinction between male and female 
a misguided attempt
to level the athletic
playing field.a conservative radio commantator recently announced
-- and i swear i am not making this up --
`` let 's face it ;
the president is black . ''
i am here
to make an equally perspicacious observation
-- `` man and woman are different . ''
now 
in 99 case out of 100 
this need n't make any difference in physical performance .
but in the top one percent
-- trained athlete
whose skill have been honed to a fine edge --
man generally have the advantage .
with their narrow hip they can run faster .
and they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength .
these difference in body build make it possible for woman
to give birth and raise child and for man
to catch and kill food for them .
this sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection .
without it ,
there might not be any human at all .
and that 
boy and girl 
is why
they have man 's event and woman 's event at the olympic .
i speak to you as your anthropologist .
that will be ten cent ,
paypal preferred.that is why i called this gender-blind program misguided .
as talented a boxer as rodrigue is ,
as she approaches the zenith of the game ,
she will eventually lose to a male.that
is where the complication arises in this movie .
rodrigue is finally matched against her boy friend 
dougla .
neither wants to loose any anger on the other 
not to mantion roundhouse right ,
but the pride of both is at stake ,
and the pride is both personal and gender related .
dougla refuses to fight a woman in the ring .
and rodriguez is offended by what she sees as his patronizing attitude .
it ends happily.i was not really expecting much from the film .
i thought
it would be a rip off of clint eastwood 's `` million dollar baby ''
until i discovered
that this was released year earlier .
and i would never heard of the director or of any of the performer .
that sort of obscurity generally auger ill
-- made-for-television weeper and so forth.but i was surprised at how neatly this is put together .
the total absence of bathos left me open mouthed .
so did the minimal use of boxing clich\u00e9s
-- the frayed rope 
the blood 
the cutting of the swollen eye 
the battered post-bout faces 
the fat and sweaty onlooker shouting `` kill him !
`` 
the slow motion landing of glove on nose 
the spray of sweat from the mauled head 
the heroic music signaling the long-awaited apotheosis of the victor .
none of that here
-- well 
almost none .
the whole plot could be considered formulaic .
tough kid finds outlet in the ring ,
etc.the feeling you are left with is that this is probably pretty much what these amateur contest are like .
different from those we see on tv and in ordinary movie .
no bell ring 
for instance 
instead a dancing and observant referee yell `` stop ! ''
and `` box ! ''
the contestant wear head gear .
the gym is populated not by a crowd of cheering spectator 
but only by a handful of person
who have some particular interest in the going on .
it is a clean movie ,
despite the rather grim setting and the unhappy family dynamics.michelle rodriguez can look pretty mean 
what with her muscular bulk and her eye glowing under her lowered ow ,
but once you get used to the idea
that this is a girl
who can beat you to a pulp anytime
she wants ,
and once you hear the feminine contours of her supersegmantals ,
she are not bad .
( a scene
in which she battles her father to the floor
is overdoing it . )
it was a little hard
to understand dougla 's restraint
when rodriguez crawls all over him in bed .
the director 
karyn kusama 
has chosen her talent carefully.shows
what you can do with some talent 
imagination 
and a modicum of money .
there ought to be more film like it .
take one of those multi-billion dollar blockbuster full of dinosaur or space ship
and spread the generosity around a little .
