plague replace femme fatale in this highly suspenseful noir
shot in new orlean by director elia kazan .
kazan as always gets fine performance from his actor
but also shows a visual flair for claustrophobic suspense with a combination of tight composition and stunning single shot chase scene .
a man
entering the country illegally
is killed after a card game .
it turns out
he has a form of bubonic plague
so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killer
but to find an inoculate all those
who have had contact .
city and health official implement a plan of secrecy
rather than alert the community for fear
the culprit will flee the city
and spread the disease .
a detective and an epidemiologist up against the clock form an uneasy alliance
as they comb the waterfront employing their contrasting investigatory style .
street raises a huge ethical question about the public right
to know
as the medical officer argue for a medium blackout thus possibly creating a greater risk to the community .
regardless of outcome ,
you still may find yourself second guessing the action of the the film 's protagonist .
richard widmark as dr.clint reed and paul douglas as detective warren display short temper and grudging respect for each other in their search for the killer .
barbera bel geddis as reed 's wife has some good moment with widmark in some domestic scene
that ing the right touch
of
( restful more than comic )
relief from the tension of the desperate search amid the grim environ of the new orlean waterfront impressively lensed by cinematographer joe mcdonald .
zero mostel as a small time criminal is slimy and reprehensible but at time sympathetic .
walter jack palance as the skeletal blackie
( black death ? )
is simply outstanding .
with riveting intensity palance dominates every scene he is in not only with ample threat
but disturbing charm as well .
in addition he displays a formidable athleticism
that allows for a more suspenseful continuity 
especially in the film 's powerful final allegorical moment .
panic in the street is probably kazan 's best non-brando film .
it is tension filled 
suspensefully well paced and edited .
it is ambient on locale setting lends a sense of heightened reality
that allows kazan the flexibility to display his visual style beyond the movie stage and with panic
he succeeds with aplomb .
