i will probably get a lot of flack for hating this movie- guess
i did not approach it with the proper dewy-eyed nostalgia of the generation before me .
but suffice it to say- st elmo 's fire was pretty crap-freaking- tastic ,
even as far as brat pack film go.here is yet another lovely example of the smug 
self-indulgent neurosis
that is everything 80s
( rent 
anyone ? )
the plot is virtually non- existent
and the philosophy are kitchy at best ,
poorly delivered the rest of the time .
the complete lack of anything resembling sympathetic character does not help the situation .
there really was no growth 
no forward movement at all .
even the climactic suicide scene was effectually neutered by once again refusing to let death or anything resembling reality or adult life enter in .
each cookie cutter figure simply goes about making you hate them in the blandest 
most predictable way possible .
the stalker is a creep for no discernible reason
other
than he is a stalker and andie macdowell
is gorgeous .
the jackass does everything in his power
to constantly remind
you he is 
well 
a jackass .
the gorgeous slut hide really soulful ,
deep pain with a wild lifestyle .
the poet mood and mope around for a full 3/4 of the film
until he can reveal
( ! )
he actually is full of teddy bear and sunshine and rainbow .
the virgin finally becomes a whole ,
happy human
being after getting every virgin 's desire of one hot roll in the sack with a jackass
before he ditches her to really change
( for real this time ) .
the cheating bastard cheat until it is time for him to get caught .
and finally the feminist go around dousing holy water on any soul
that utters `` commitment '' .which ings me to my final beef- what bond of super-cement was holding these person together as friend ?
i can not imagine being with just one of them- now think of the vortex
created by all
that narcissism centered in one bar .
and they were all so terrible to each other- head in toilet 
near rape ,
and sleeping around with everrrryone .
the cherry was after two bff act like total baboon after screwing the feminist ,
she is like 
`` umm 
actually i do not want to be with either of you anymore .
let 's be friend !
and we can hang out in a totally unawkward way every day knowing
that i may hook up with one or the other at any given point ,
but neither of you are satisfying enough for commitment
( not that word ! ) . ''
and they all smile
as if to say ,
`` golly gee 
i never thought of that !
what a great idea !
`` only it is not .
kinda in the way
that
watching this movie
is not .
