i rented the dubbed-english version of lensman ,
hoping
that
since it came from well-known novel it
would have some substance .
while there were hint of substance in the movie ,
it mostly did not rise above the level of kiddie cartoon .
maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book ,
or it lost a lot in the dubbed version .
or maybe even the source novel were lightweight .
but for whatever reason 
there was not much there.i noticed lot of detail
that were derivative 
sloppy 
poorly dramatized 
or otherwise deficient .
some example :
the opening scene looked borrowed from the 2001 `` star gate '' scene and the star war image of hyperspace .
the robot on the harvester looked like an anthropomorphized `` r2-d2 '' .it starts out trying to borrow its comic relief style of star war 
but mercifully
( since the humor does not work )
gives up on comedy
and plays it serious .
in that sense 
it is superior to the star war franchise ,
which started with a clever sense of humor ,
and eventually deteriorated to jar-jar 's annoying silliness.the agricultural detail were apparently drawn by someone
who had never seen a farm .
the harvester was driving through the unharvested middle of a field ,
dumping silage onto unharvested crop ,
rather than working from one side to the other
and dumping the silage onto already-harvested row or into a truck .
corn
( maize )
was pouring out the grain chute ,
but the farm land were drawn like a wheat field.when
it was time for kim 's father had to face his fate ,
there was not any dramatic weight to the scene .
that could have been partly the fault of the english-language voice actor ,
but the drawing did not show much weight either .
kim 's reaction in that scene were similarly unconvincing.similarly ,
when a character named henderson was killed ,
chris showed very little reaction ,
even though they were apparently supposed to have been close .
( henderson 's death is no spoiler ;
his name is not revealed until his death scene . )
she seems to promptly forget him .
someone 's expression of sympathy show more feeling
than she does .
i think
the voice actor deserves most of the blame in that case ;
there is at least a hint of feeling in the drawing of chris.on several occasion ,
villain fail to accomplish their order .
a villain leader often punishes those failure with miserable death .
i can not say
whether that is lifted from star war ,
or if
that comes from an earlier source
-- possibly the lensman books.there is a scene
where a space ship crash-land .
as it plunges toward the ground ,
part are eak off the ship .
but so many piece are fall off
that there should be nothing left
of it by the time
it land.while in most case chris seems like a competent 
tough space hero ,
there is a scene
where she shrieks like an incompetent damsel in distress .
someone tough enough
to get over henderson 's death
so quickly
should at least be able to shout 
`` help ,
it is got me and i can not reach my gun ! ''
instead of just shrieking.the character with the most personality
( almost too much at time )
is d.j .
bill .
he sounded like wolfman jack 
the d.j .
in american graffiti .
i wonder
if he is as well-voiced in the original language.two planet in the movie exploded .
the explosion were unimpressive ,
and appeared to owe a lot of inspiration to star war .
to its credit 
however 
the cause of the explosion was completely unlike the death star 's primary weapon .
the dialog had a good 
interesting explanation for the cause .
many other explosion in the movie did look good ,
just not the planetary explosion.some of the sound effect are very cheesy ,
as if borrowed from a late 1970s video game .
some of the image look like primitive video game ,
and some influence from tron is visible too .
on the other hand 
the sound effect are often pretty decent ,
although that emphasizes the cheesy-sounding part .
the art is good too ,
particularly when it stays away from the often cheesy-looking computer graphics.finally ,
there is the story .
if a movie tells a good story ,
it can get away with a lot of production shortcoming .
but the plot here was pretty lightweight .
a na\u00efve boy try to help someone on a crippled space ship ,
and acquires a great power
he does not understand .
he and his band of very virtuous companion struggle against a powerful 
unredeemably evil enemy .
he makes friend 
learns about his special power ,
and grow into a young man .
if he is persistent and virtuous enough ,
he might even defeat the evil enemy .
detail along the way can make such a story rise above the simple outline ,
but there is very little more than that in this movie.in the end ,
it is just a kiddie cartoon .
but then ,
since it looks like the primary intended audience is older child ,
maybe it does not need to be anything more than that .
