do not know
if this contains any spoiler or not ,
but i do not want to risk
being blacklisted
until the year 3462.i disagree entirely with the viewer comment
that have described *gun 
germ and steel* as `` politically correct '' and `` neo-marxist . ''
they can not have watched the same series
that *i* did.the series *i* watched depicted the history of european colonisation in the americas and southern africa with no particular inaccuracy .
i saw nothing in the series
that portrayed european as bad person
who happened to be lucky ,
though european often *were* lucky -
and there is nothing wrong with luck .
neither did i see native persons portrayed
as poor little innocent thing .
if anything 
the inca was rather arrogant -
as you would expect
any leader would be
when dealing with foreigner ,
if his country has not been conquered in living memory by any other world power .
i certainly saw nothing
that could be construed as marxist or neo-marxist ,
except by the most incredibly elastic of imaginations.otherwise ,
many african persons *do* have a built-in immunity to malarium and other tropical disease
that european lack .
at the time they were at the height of their success 
the aztec 
maya and inca civilisation *were* as advanced as any other in the world - and as wealthy ; sometimes more so .
aboriginal american and khoi-san population *were* decimated by smallpox and other disease
introduced by european ;
just as european colonist were decimated by tropical disease like malarium .
( note :
the khoi-san persons are completely different from all other sub-saharan african persons . )
so 
i do not see what some of the other commentator are complaining about .
the only thing *i* can find to complain about is
that the series does not tell me anything i did not know by the time i finished seventh grade .
there is really nothing new in the way of historical information in this film .
it does 
however 
present some nice dramatisation of event 
such as the conquest of the incas ;
the production value are very high ;
and it fills in a few hole here
and there
that did not get covered in mrs. gruber 's sixth hour social study class at milan middle school.if
you rent or buy this ,
assuming
you had a decent primary and/or secondary school education ,
you will not learn anything new ,
but you will have an enjoyable and entertaining time
reviewing what you already learned
( or should have learned )
by the time you hit high school .
