after witnessing his wife
( linda hoffman )
engaging in sexual act with the pool boy 
the already somewhat unstable dentist dr. feinstone
( corbin bernsen )
completely snaps
which means deep trouble for his patients.this delightful semi-original and entertaining horror flick from director brian yuzna was a welcome change of pace from the usual horror twaddle
that was passed out in the late ninety .
although \u0091the dentist ' is intended to be a cheesy 
fun little film 
yuzna ensure
that the movie delivers the shock and thrill
that many more serious movie attempt to dispense .
despite suffering somewhat from the lack of background on the central character ,
and thus allowing event
that should have been built up
to take place over a couple of day ,
the movie is intriguing 
generally well scripted and well paced
which allows the viewer to maintain interest 
even during the more ludicrous of moment .
\u0091the dentist ' suffer 
on occasion 
from dragging
but unlike the much inferior 1998 sequel ,
there are only sporadic uninteresting moment ,
and in general the movie follows itself nicely.corbin bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadistic 
deranged and perfectionist dr. alan feinstone .
the way bernsen is able to credibly recite his line 
especially with regard to the foulness and immorality of sex
( particularly fellatio ) ,
is something short of marvellous .
while many actor may have trouble portraying a cleanlines obsessed psycho
without it coming off as too cheesy or ridiculous ,
bernsen seems to truly fit the personality of the character
he attempts to portray
and thus makes the film all
that more enjoyable .
had \u0091the dentist ' not been intended to be a fun ,
almost comical 
horror movie 
bernsen 's performance would probably have been much more powerful .
sadly 
the rest of the cast
( including a pre-fame mark ruffalo )
failed to put in very good performance
and although the movie was not really damaged by this ,
stronger performance could have added more credibility to the flick.\u0091the dentist ' is not a horror film
that is meant to be taken seriously
but is certainly enjoyable ,
particularly ( i would presume )
for fan of cheesy horror .
those
who became annoyed at the number of \u0091scream '
( 1996 )
clone from the late ninety may very well find this a refreshing change ,
as i did .
a seldom dull and generally well paced script as well as some proficient direction helps
to make \u0091the dentist ' one of the more pleasurable cheesy horror from the 1990 's .
on top of this we are presented with some particularly grizly
and ( on the whole ) realistic scene of dental torture ,
which should keep most gorehound happy .
far from perfect but far from bad as well 
\u0091the dentist ' is a flick
that is easily worth watching at least once .
my rating for \u0091the dentist ' \u0096 6.5/10 .
