i am all for the idea of a grand epic of the american revolutionary war .
this are not it .
( and for that matter 
neither was the emmerich/devlin/gibson the patriot .
but i digress .
) i saw this film at a publicity screening at the old mgm studio
( now sony )
just before it came out .
the audience had high expectation for this expensive period piece ,
written by veteran robert dillon ,
directed by the esteemed hugh hudson
( of chariot of fire fame ) ,
and starring al pacino.but it did not take long for person to start squirming in their seat 
whispering derisive comment about pacino'ss horribly misconceived accent
-- he was supposed to be an american frontiersman of scottish ancestry
( ! )
-- and that of nastassja kinski ,
who was supposed to be recently emigrated from england
( ! ! ) .
then the story started
and it all went downhill fast.motivation were muddled ,
dialogue was atrocious ,
event had no historical or political context .
what there was of a plot lurched forward on absurd coincidence ;
by the second or third time
that alleged lover pacino and kinski stumbled into each other
it had become a bad joke .
donald sutherland gave an unhinged performance as a british officer/pederast .
his accent was all over the map too .
i guess
there were not any english actor available.lot of person left .
those
who stayed tried to stifle giggle ,
then openly guffawed .
i stuck it out
-- i figured
that at least the battle scene might be good .
i was wrong .
inexplicably 
hudson chose to film them with hand-held camera 
not even steadicam 
the jerkiness giving a misplaced newsreel 'sauthenticity 's
which ruined the sense of scale.there was a semi-famous tv reviewer in the audience a few row ahead of me :
( the late )
gary franklin of channel 7 eyewitness news .
i could tell
he was peeved by the behavior of the rest of us .
and sure enough 
on his tv segment the next day he gave the film a 's10 's on his notorious 'sfranklin scale of 1 to 10 's ,
while remarking churlishly about the lout who'sd disrupted the screening the night before ,
who clearly did not know art
when they saw it .
what a buffoon.after this disaster 
pacino did not star in another film for almost 4 year .
hugh hudson'ss career never recovered .
you can not say
i did not warn you .
