gundam wing is an amazing show
from start to finish ,
every single episode is a joy to watch .
the story is typical gundam fare ,
in the future earth 's population grows to the extent
where we create space colony
in order to expand .
the story though is set in an entirely different reality than any other gundam show .
it is the year after colony 195 and the corrupt earth government ,
known as the earth sphere alliance ,
is violently taking over the free colony .
to combat the alliance control and the even greater threat
that is to come
( an evil militaristic organization hiding within the alliance
known as oz ,
which later takes control of earth and the colony ) 
select member of the colony send 5 super powerful mech
to earth to try and save the colony from the threat
that is to soon come .
these mech ,
known as gundam ,
fight oz and try to regain peace in the colony
as oz takes the front-stage ,
completely eliminating the alliance
and taking control of earth and its colony.gundam wing
as i previously stated ,
is probably the most enjoyable gundam series to watch in my opinion .
a large part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other gundam series before it ,
but also the story are far more deep and intricate than majority of the other gundam series .
gundam wing has more depth and emotion
to it
than any other gundam show i have ever seen thus far .
this particular series seemed to focus more on character and the relationship amongst those character than epic space battle .
now do not get me wrong ,
this show still has many epic battle within it ,
and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere
that other gundam series have ,
but it achieves this
by having the story
follow an ensemble cast of 6 or 7 character
as opposed to following just 1.no matter
how you look at it this is truly one of the most unique and enjoyable gundam series out there ,
and i strongly recommend it to any fan of anime 
or sci-fi in general .
the show sport some amazing animation and superb action ,
but the depth and intricacy of the story is what keeps
you coming back for more .
the character are so well drawn out by the end of the show
that you end up loving each and every one of them .
this show is definitely one
that should not be missed.a perfect 10/10 !
