somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder
you can find company like u.f.o ,
troma and beneath them lie seduction cinema.seduction is a direct to video production company
that specialize in lesbian themed 
non-hardcore erotic movie .
it has developed a very dedicated fan base
that purchase each new title
as they are released
but sadly the company has become too closely
associated with frequent star misty mundae .
i say
sadly
because recent mainstream interest and her appearance on the show master of horror has caused her
to set her sight a little higher than the zero budget s.c effort
which forces the company to find a new identity .
but back in their glory day
they released this film on a very appreciative world.the gorgeous misty mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of a absent father .
at the school she meets her absurdly hot room-mate
played by ruby larocca
who immediately has design on her but the headmistress
( barbara joyce )
has other plan .
in typical s.c style the movie stops every ten minute for a extended sex scene
but unlike most of their effort this one has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performance .
ms. larocca appears to be having a great time as the sexual predator
who views misty as a tasty meal and darian caine makes a welcome
( though ief )
appearance as satan .
this is the sort of film
that jess franco would crank out in the 70s
( although this one does not have the hardcore sex
that franco was always willing to throw in for foreign sale )
and fan of that madman 's work would be wise
to give this one a go.to me 
as a long time zero budget cinema fan
( and troma worshiper ) ,
i came across the seduction cinema film through their parody film
( playmate of the apes ,
who wants to be a erotic billionaire )
but i actually prefer their more original work .
you either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on these thing
and just hate all of these film .
for me the most obvious thing
that unites these no-budget movie
is a real sense of fun .
these low budget company are able to create their own unique style
which gives the viewer something very different from the bland 
by the number 
studio effort
that load up the multiplexes.if
you have never seen a seduction cinema film either this or sin sister
( featuring both of the mundae sister )
are excellent choice
to begin with .
this one is a fun 
fast paced film
( although the frequent exterior shot of the school do get a little old )
and the dvd is totally loaded with extra
including a ton of preview of other company offering 
a great
behind the scene featurette and some deleted scene
including a alternate opening .
i do recommend you pass on the disc 's bonus feature 
the first film by director ,
as it is quite weak
and not really worth viewing .
