i had high hope for it
when i heard
that it was being made back in 2001
because i read `` the devil and daniel webster ''
when i was a kid and i
found it very interesting .
they made some change to the story
that do not make much sense to me .
daniel webster in the story was a famous lawyer from new hampshire in the story .
in the movie he is an editor .
a lawyer makes more sense
since he ends up representing jabez stone against the devil him/herself
( he was a man in the story ,
but was a woman in the movie )
in a trial
where both of their soul are on the line .
as an editor 
it does not seem likely
that daniel webster would have the skill
to do this.the acting
was decent by all except for alec baldwin and dan aykroyd .
these are two actor
that i like 
they just did an awful job in this movie .
it was as though they thought
they were acting in a comedy ,
but the movie was more a serious one than a comedy .
this might be partly due to the fact
that the movie was filmed with a particular vision in mind ,
and was then re-edited by somebody else .
given this fact ,
it is surprising that it was at all coherent .
i was surprised to see a fair amount of snl cast member in the movie ,
which further leads me to believe
it may have originally been filmed with the intention
of it being more of a comedy.all in all i
would have to say
it was not completely awful ,
but it was not much good .
if i could get the hour and a half back
and do something else with it ,
i would .
the ending was especially disappointing .
as in the original story 
daniel webster defeats the devil in the trial .
jabez then starts out again at the beginning of the movie ... literally ,
we are just ought back to the first scene with jabez ,
and then the movie auptly ends .
it actually looked
as though they just replayed jabez ' first scene over
and called it the end .
there is no indication
that jabez has the benefit of any of the knowledge or experience
he gained ,
so who is to say
he did not just repeat his mistake over again 
and perhaps over and over in an endless loop ?
it was an extremely disappointing end
and did not make a lot of sense .
the decent cast 
and the acting of everyone except for baldwin and aykroyd are the only thing
that keep this from being a complete and total crap sandwich .
