the late 30s and early 40s were a golden age for adventure movie ,
what with the rise in budget during the economic recovery ,
the change to screen entertainment
since the production code became enforced and the general carefree optimism of the time .
while most of these were rip-roaring swashbuckler about the wild 
superhuman and often frankly misogynistic exploit of heartthrob like errol flynn and tyrone power ,
gunga din is very different in its focus ,
scope and tone.part of gunga din 's secret is the division of labour in its writing team .
the original story is by ben hecht and charle macarthur 
two of the most skilled and celeated writer of hollywood 's golden age .
however the actual screenplay was the work of joel sayre and fred guiol ,
both of whom 
guiol especially 
had a background in comedy .
what we get from these four is a plot
that is well-balanced
and engaging ,
yet also cleverly spiced up with comical touch .
most of the adventure flick of this time were at least partly comedy ,
usually featuring one or two comic-relief supporting player ,
but they did not use laugh in the way gunga din does .
here 
all the main character are capable of being object or originator of joke .
we see the sinister menace of the bad guy suddenly diffused as the scene dissolves into a light-hearted awl .
the first main battle scene is an even-handed blend of action and gag 
in the style of the silent swashbuckler of dougla fairbank 
sr. ,
something
which the flynn and power vehicle largely failed to replicate .
towards the middle of gunga din the action must necessarily take a eak
and there are lot of talky scene for the sake of the plot .
however the continual foray into comedy \u0096 such as the spiked punch routine \u0096 make this `` slow '' portion bearable.producer-director george steven was a natural
when it came to this sort of thing ,
himself having cut his tooth at the hal roach studio ,
and almost exclusively having directed comedy up to this point .
this was his first full-on action feature ,
and he does a startlingly good job .
in particular his use of moving point-of-view shot make the battle scene extra exhilarating .
he also ings something
you seldom see in action picture of this era \u0096 a sense of real dread and fear .
he sets this up with those stark and foreboding mountain dominating many of the shot and dwarfing the character .
the portrayal of the abandoned village and the thuggee cultists cry of `` kali ! ''
is genuinely haunting .
this dimension of fear play into all the other emotion
that are at work here ,
causing us to worry for these likable character ,
and making the comedy a greater relief of tension.a real touch of genius is in the way
the eponymous hero is introduced to the audience .
we are made aware of din visually ,
as he is prominent in a number of scene
before any of the character actually address him or verbally refer to him .
because of this 
we are given the impression
that din is not an important figure within the regiment ,
but he quickly becomes a notable character to us 
and crucially a sympathetic one ,
as we see him risking his life
and giving water to dying men.but the best effort of writer and director
are all for nought
without a capable cast .
fear not 
for gunga din has a top-notch one !
victor mclaglan and cary grant were ideally suited to the material ,
since their best role were generally found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy .
grant in particular is at his best 
largely believable but just occasionally eaking into that over-the-top whooping and capering
that was his trademark .
dougla fairbank 
jr. is not quite up to the standard of his heavyweight companion ,
but he is by no mean bad .
and of course there is sam jaffe ,
cursed by his look
to forever play these wizened little oddball ,
but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity ?
i have not set out to bash the swashbuckling adventure of errol flynn and tyrone power ,
and indeed many of their picture are absolute classic
that i love absolutely .
but gunga din does thing that even the best of those swashbuckler could never achieve .
not only does it dispense with the dashing male lead or the clich\u00e9d defiant damsel ,
it successfully merges the action genre with comedy and poignancy 
in a way
that few picture have done before or since .
and that is fabulous .
