anna
( charlotte burke )
develops a strange fever
that causes her to pass out and drift off into a world of her own creation .
a bleak world
she drew with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field .
lacking in detail 
much like any child
drawing the house
and it is inhabitant marc
( who can not walk
because anna did not draw him any legs )
are inhabitant of this purgatory/limbo world .
anna begins visiting the boy and the house more frequently trying to figure what is what and in the process tries to help save the boy ,
but her fever is making it harder for her to wake up each time
and may not only kill her 
but trap her and marc there forever.wow !
is a good word to sum up bernard rose 's illiantly haunting and poetic paperhouse .
a film that is so simple
that it is damn near impossible to explain and impossible to forget .
while you may find this puppy in your horror section
it is anything but .
it is more of a serious fantasy 
expertly directed ,
and exceptionally well acted
by it is cast 
in particular charlotte burke and elliot speir
( marc ) .
and yet 
it is not a child 's movie either ,
but meant to make us remember those carefree day of old
that are now just dark memory .
rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance
that creates a thrilling backdrop for the illiant story and great actor to play with .
paperhouse stays away from trying to explain
it is more dreamy quality
and leaves most thing to the viewer imagination .
there is much symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your tooth into .
paperhouse enjoys playing game with the viewer mind ,
engrossing you with it is very own sense of reasoning .
as the story unfolded i was again
and again impressed at just how powerful the film managed to be up to the finale
which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye.bernard rose 's visual are illiant here .
he is able to create an unnervingly bleak atmosphere
that appears simple on the surface ,
but as a whole is much greater
than the sum of it is part .
the acting is of young charlotte burke in this ,
her feature debut 
is a truly impressing as well .
unfortunately she is not graced the screen since .
a much deserved burnout central award only seems proper for that performance .
toward the end the movie lags a bit here and there ,
but i was easily able to overlook it .
i wished
they had took a darker turn
creating a far more powerful finale
that would have proved to be all the more unnerving and truly riveting in retrospect .
the movie as is 
is still one for the book and deserves
to be seen by any serious film lover .
it is a poetic ride told through the innocent eye of a child 
a powerful film
in which much is left to be pondered and far more to be praised .
