house of game is spell binding .
it is so nice to occasionally see film
that are perfect ten .
there are few movie i have seen
that can grip you so quickly .
from the opening scene this movie just gets you.i am
trying really hard not to give to much away to those
who may not yet have seen this
but there will be a few spoiler
so do not read anymore
if you do not want to know.i would say
house of game is not just a superb film
but is the best movie about con artist i have ever seen-bar none .
from the moment
the movie is over it begs to be replayed.lindsay crouse
as margaret ford is simply perfection 
from her mannerism to the inflection of her voice
she gets into the role immediately .
joe mantegna was also wonderful .
the dialogue in this movie has an unforced almost unscripted quality
and these two person communicate as much in a look
as they do with their voice .
i also loved the way
the movie was filmed 
in that grainy 
surreal type of way 
it fit perfectly
and helped make the film
what it was.there were a few movie i
have seen
and loved
that this reminded me
of including the grifter and the usual suspect but really ,
house of game is completely different
in it is way .
margaret and mike are two of the most absorbing character i have seen on the big screen
and not only do they have screen chemistry
that is strong and palpable from the moment they meet ,
but the buildup
that starts from the moment
they set eye on each other is electrifying .
you know something 's going to happen
but you have no idea what .
and just
when you think
you have guessed what the `` something '' is ,
you realize
you have not even scratched the surface ... .house of game is one of those movie
that may be lumped in to a certain genre of movie type
but is essentially a movie about human nature .
the character study is not just about the mind of the con artist but the victim as well .
as the movie moves along
and we get to know more and more about the main character ,
we learn about them not just through what they say
but how they say it .
it is a great character study
and is flawless in the way
it speeds to it is conclusion.in closing ,
i would rank this 10 of 10 
call it
( although not my absolute favorite film 
pretty high on the list ) 
most definitely outstanding and would go so far
as to say
it does rank as one of the best character study
and contains some of the best `` twist '' i have ever seen as well .
although i love all type and genre of movie ,
when it comes to movie of the human psyche ,
it really does not get much better then this .
see this movie .
