no ?
did not think so !
well ,
in that case all you have to do is stay far ,
far away from `` do you wan na know a secret '' ,
as it is just the umpteenth pointless post- '' scream '' slasher with absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever .
the plot is extremely ridiculous ;
the character are insufferably dumb ,
the gore-factor is negligible
and the whole thing is just plain boring !
as you can derive from the title already ,
this film is mainly inspired by `` i still know
what you did last summer '' ,
as the event take place in a similar
setting and the killer 's motivation are equally stupid .
why anyone would want to steal idea from junk like `` ikwydls '' is a complete mystery to me 
anyway .
at least that film could depend on the precious rack of jennifer love hewitt ,
whereas the girl in this junk are 
apart from ainless 
also terribly unattractive .
one year after the still unsolved murder of her boyfriend 
beth morgan 
her new adulterous lover and four other simple-minded college student go to florida to spend their spring break holiday in a fancy beach house .
the killer has not made a move all year ,
but now he follows the posse to florida
and starts butchering them whilst leaving behind the titular message as some sort of business card .
you really do not need to be a horror-expert in order to quickly figure out
which face hide behind the unspeakably ridiculous mask and the writer ' attempt
to put you on the wrong track
are downright embarrassing .
since the plot is so thin ,
most of the film is purely irrelevant padding ,
including the sub plot
regarding the incompetent floridian police force and the 'mysterious ' fbi inspector
who seems to have a personal score to settle .
the murder inexplicably happen off screen
( do not you hate it when that happens ?
) 
there is not even any gratuitous tanda
to enjoy
and you better do not get me started on the quality of the dialog .
suffering through crap like this only makes you realize
that the delightful spirit of the 80 's slasher is gone for good .
