film such as chocolat 
beau travail 
and other have propelled french director claire denis into the top echelon of the world 's most unique and accomplished filmmaker and her 2004 film the intruder
( l'intrus )
adds to the depth of her portfolio .
a cinematic poem
that conveys a mood of abiding loneliness and loss ,
the film provides a glimpse into the psyche of a man
who is deteriorating physically and mentally
and who travel to various part of the globe
seeking redemption and peace
but finds it hard to come by .
loosely based on jean-luc nancy 's memoir of a heart transplant ,
the intruder is a film of such unrelenting opaqueness
that
even after two viewing it is difficult to describe it in other than subjective 
impressionistic term.louis trebor
( michael subor )
is a man in his seventy
who is likely dying of a heart condition
and who 
like the professor in ingmar bergman 's wild strawberry 
attempt to come to term with the mistake of his life
while he has time .
it is clear
that he is physically rugged
and very wealthy but seems emotionally drained
and the look on his face is one of quiet resignation .
though we see only one episode of violence ,
where he gets out of bed in the middle of night
to kill an intruder ,
there is a sinister sense about him .
he might be an intelligence officer 
a foreign agent 
or a hit man.whatever the case ,
he apparently is under some kind of surveillance and act like a man
that has been involved in criminal wrongdoing
and is only now able to see the consequence .
facial close-up throughout the movie create a strong sense of isolation .
he life with his dog in a cabin in the jura mountains near the french-swiss border
and has an estranged son sidney
( gregoire collin )
whom he has long neglected .
sidney life nearby with his wife antoinette
( florence loiret-caille )
and their two child .
in one telling scene 
he meets up with his father on the street and calls him a lunatic ,
but that does not prevent him from taking his money.when the film opens ,
we meet antoinette 
a swiss border guard ,
who boards a van with a trained dog to sniff out some contraband .
when she comes home ,
she is greeted by her husband
who asks her with tongue-in-cheek if
she has `` anything to declare ? ''
other than these three individual 
the person and circumstance we see
during the rest of the film may exist only in louis ' imagination .
louis has three woman in his life
and we meet them all in the film 's first half hour :
a pharmacist
( bambou )
who prepares his medication 
a neighbor
( b\u00e9atrice dalle )
who is a dog eeder
who refuses to care for his dog
when he goes away on a trip
telling him
that they are as crazy
as he is ,
and a young russian organ dealer
( katia golubeva )
who
he tells
he wants a `` young man 's heart '' .relentlessly ,
she stalks him throughout the film
but it is apparently only in his mind .
in the last section of the film 
louis travel to south korea in search of a heart transplant and to tahiti
to deliver a gift to a different son 
one
whom he has not seen for many year
or perhaps has never seen .
his heart transplant 
however 
appears to be a metaphor for a man
without a heart 
a man
whose life has been fascinating but ultimately directionless 
intruding into other person 's life with little real empathy .
the intruder contains a haunting guitar soundtrack by stuart staple of the band tinderstick 
reminiscent of the guitar riff in jim jarmusch 's dead man ,
and gorgeous cinematography by denis regular agne godard.godard creates memorable image
that convey a mood of longing and regret :
a heart beating alone in the snow ,
an infant in a sling
looking up at his father for a good two minute ,
the baby 's expression gradually turning from morose to a half smile ,
colored streamer blowing from a newly christened ship 
a massage in a dark room by a mysterious korean masseuse 
and the vast expanse of ocean
seen from a bobbing ship deck .
while the intruder can be frustrating
because of its elliptical nature 
denis force us to respond out of our own experience ,
to understand the image on the screen on a very personal level .
if there is any theme ,
a hint might be found in the opening
that tells us
what is revealed piecemeal in the film -
`` your worst enemy are hiding 
in the shadow 
in your heart . ''
