in the bygone day of the catholic church 
a sin-eater was an individual
that 
through ritual 
would take the sin of a dying person upon themselves .
often 
these person were excommunicate or similar individual
who the church would not absolve ,
thereby denying them entrance into heaven .
the sin-eater were seen as blasphemous 
circumventing the chruch 's monopoly on redemption .
sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo ,
let the concept wander
where it may ,
and you have `` the order '' 
a movie
that combines `` stigmata '' 's religious anti-authoritarianism 
`` the x-file '' ' paranormal investigation 
and `` the thorn bird '' ' sexual spirituality into an odd melange
that sometime works.alex
( heath ledger )
is a rogue priest 
one of the last member of the order of the carolingian 
a semi-heretical order of knowledge-seeking 
demon-fighting priest .
when alex 's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstance 
bishop driscoll
( peter weller )
sends alex to investigate .
tagging along are fellow carolingian thomas
( mark addy )
and mara
( shannyn sossman ) ,
who was subject to one of alex 's exorcism a year prior .
the three go to rome to investigate
and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre catholic heresy 
ominous prophecy 
demonic intrusion 
and a man
claiming to be the last surviving sin-eater
( benno furmann )
.written and directed by brian helgeland
( who worked with the same principal on the scattershot and half-hearted `` a knight 's tale '' ) ,
the film is an odd one 
and difficult to classify .
it wants to be several thing at once
-- supernatural thriller 
religious intrigue 
dramatic television pilot --
and only sometime succeeds at any of them .
this is not helped by the slow pace or the fact
that most of the actor seem to be sleepwalking through their performance with occasional burst of illiance .
ledger 
in particular 
has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance .
sossman 
however 
displayed the same disconnected performance
that she is given in all of her film
( most notably in `` the rule of attraction '' )
.the plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs ,
leading you to wonder
which is the main one with each arc
containing its share of red herring .
large gap of narrative appear to be lost between scene at time ,
which can be confusing for many ,
but this is also one of the film 's saving grace .
the structure of the film
-- coupled by the fact
that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film --
forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time
when most film are blatantly obvious about everything
( the exception to this is historical background on the carolingian and the practice of sin-eating ,
both of which are explained in dry exposition ) .
even at the beginning of the film 
character relationship and history are inferred instead of explained .
combine this with the on-location shooting
and judicious use of special effect ,
and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller 
with even the opening credit reminiscent of something from the late 70's/early 80's.a ief mention here 
as well 
for the subtle and organic score by david torn 
a combination of minimalist orchestration and lisa gerrard-style exotic vocal .
a very nice score
that is evocative
without being bombastic
and exists in a very deceptive simplicity.a confusing plot 
a lack of purpose ,
and sometime sleepy performance would often damn a movie ,
but for some reason 
`` the order '' remains watchable .
many person will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibility ,
and some may even become angry
that they are forced to engage the higher function of their ain
to understand it .
still 
the film 's sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the dvd ,
which
i am
sure
will be stocked with copious amount of deleted scene .
a recommended film only for person
who like to think
while they watch .
6/10 .
