`` prom night '' is a title-only remake of the 1980 slasher flick
that starred jamie lee curtis and leslie nielsen .
this movie takes place in an oregon town ,
where donna
( brittany snow )
is about to go to her senior prom
and let herself have some fun
after going through some extremely traumatic event in the past few year .
she and her friend arrive at the prom ,
which is taking place in a grand hotel ,
and try and enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night of their life .
little does anyone know 
a man from donna 's past ,
who has haunted her for year ,
is also at the prom ...
and is willing to kill anyone in way of his pursuit of her.i am a fan of the original `` prom night '' ,
so i tried to maintain a little hope in this movie ,
but i have to admit i was quite disappointed .
`` prom night '' suffer from the worst affliction a horror movie could have ,
and that is predictability .
there are absolutely no surprise here ,
and i felt i had seen everything in this movie done dozen of time 
often better 
before .
what does this equate to for the audience ?
boredom .
unless of course you have never seen any horror movie 
or are part of the pre-teen crowd ,
but the majority of the audience will most likely be able to guess nearly everything
that is going to happen .
the plot is simplistic ,
but the entire script is void of any type of surprise 
twist 
atmosphere 
or anything 
and this really 
really hurts the movie
because it never really gives the audience anything to sink their tooth into .
it all just seemed very bland.a lot of person seem to complain with the fact
that this is a pg-13 slasher movie as well ,
and i understand
what they are saying ,
but i do not think
it is impossible to make a good slasher movie with minimal gore .
take carpenter 's `` halloween '' for example - little to no on screen violence ,
but still an extremely frightening and effective movie .
you do not need gore
to make a film scary ,
but even had `` prom night ''
been gratuitously violent
( which it is not ,
it is very tame ) ,
it still would have added little to the movie
because there is not much in the script
to build on
to begin with .
the tension and suspense here is mild at best ,
and i spent most of the movie
predicting the outcome of situation ,
and was correct about 99 % of the time .
our character are not well written enough
either for the audience
to make any connection to them ,
and their by-the-number demise are routine
and careless.i will point out a few thing i did like about this movie 
though ,
because it was not completely useless - the cinematography is really nice ,
and everything was very well-filmed and fairly stylish .
among the `` jump '' scare
( that are for the most part very predictable ) ,
there were a few
that were kind of clever .
the set for the movie are nice too
and the hotel is a neat place for the plot to unfold ,
however predictable the unfolding may be .
as for the acting 
it is mediocre at best .
brittany snow plays the lead decently ,
but really the rest of the cast does not show off much talent .
johnathan schaech plays the villain ,
and is probably the most experienced performer here ,
but even he is not that impressive .
however 
i did like the character
he played ,
which was a nice change from the typical 'masked-stalker ' type killer
we see a lot .
as far as the ending goes ,
the last fifteen minute of the film had me bored to my wit is end
and it was very anti-climactic.overall 
`` prom night '' was a disappointment .
everything was very by-the-number 
routine 
and predictable ,
which is somewhat upsetting
considering this
had the potential
to be a decent slasher movie .
there were a few neat moment ,
but the movie lacked any suspense or atmosphere ,
and had little plot development ,
nor believable character .
i would advise seasoned horror fan to save their money and wait
till it is out on video ,
or rent the original instead ,
because there are absolutely no surprise here .
some may find a little entertainment in it ,
but it was far too predictable for my taste .
i expected better ,
and left the theater very disappointed .
3/10 .
