i gave it a 10 ,
since everyone else seemed to like it
and it would have been churlish not to .
the reason
i am troubling
you is to add a personal observation on castle 's work.i
have seen `` homicidal '' and `` the tingler ''
( the version with the clever colour sequence
where everything except the blood is in black and white )
a few time and `` the house on haunted hill '' many time.even i am not old enough
to have seen them
when castle was up to his showman trick ,
thus i can appreciate them for their own merit .
and while most pass him off as second-rate 
schlocky 
hammy 
etc. ,
i believe
they do him a disservice.the end sequence of `` homicidal '' is genuinely shocking
and works today - and the premise of `` the tingler ''
while silly 
was highly original.but `` the house on haunted hill '' was a triumph .
having used that frank lloyd wright house as its exterior 
the great vincent price and a solid cast 
plus a good score and production value -
when i first saw it at a packed late-night showing in the late sixty ,
it produced an audience reaction i would not seen
before and have not seen since.it was the bit where the heroine is alone in the basemant
( if you have not seen the film ,
stop reading now ) and we are waiting to hear the hero on the other side of the wall.with no telegraphing of what is coming ,
the camera slowly pulls back ,
forcing the audience to switch their gaze to ... i am
saying no more
( my `` spoiler '' declaration above only covers this movie )
.the point is 
i believe
this ploy was deliberate - not accidental -
and when it happened ,
the whole audience screamed
( including most of the man ! )
it took the audience about ten minute to calm down.now
that is superior film-making .
a flamboyant showman he might have been ,
but `` house '' and the other two film i have mantioned were good movie .
castle may not have been a hitchcock ,
but he was no ed wood ,
either.it is easy to concentrate on someone 's quirk and forget
to examine their talent .
so i hope this documantary acknowledged that .
i look forward to seeing it .
