**warning !
mild spoiler ahead !
**
( yes ,
i realize
it is tough to spoil an historical documantary ,
but i do reveal some of the backstory and method .
) this is an exceptional documantary
not just because of the remarkable footage ,
but also due to the story behind it .
because the naudet did not set out to tell the story of 9/11 ,
but rather that of a rookie firefighter 
the man 's emotion and the viewer 's connection with them are more real and powerful
than they would be in a standard retrospective .
in a filmmaking sense 
`` 9/11 '' is textbook .
if the event were an actual script ,
they would be superb ,
as the character are established ,
then thrown a curve
to which they must react .
this is all the more amazing
considering the pain and emotion of the raw footage
that the director had to wade through
to piece this story together .
the first portion of the film provides a glimpse of life inside a fire station ;
specifically ,
how a rookie assimilates himself into a crew of veteran .
that part alone is quite good ,
and had the documantary been allowed to run its intended course ,
it probably would have been solid .
the other appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a nyc firefighter .
then of course 
all hell eaks loose .
the chaos
following the wtc attack
is vividly seen ,
as various character
that we have gotten to know
are thrust into terrifying situation .
seeing not only the attack ,
but also the first-hand reaction is a very moving picture of extreme human emotion .
the aftermath ,
in which firefighter are discovered to be lost and found ,
is human drama at its peak .
life and death hang in the balance .
unlike many movie 
the viewer not only does not know
who will live and die ,
but genuinely cares about them .
the only negative thing i have to say
about this is that the robert deniro
( whom i like )
blurb were uninformative 
unnecessary ,
and did not advance the story at all .
they were probably added just to attract more television viewers.bottom line :
the best documantary i have ever seen .
nonpareil portrayal of raw human emotion and drama .
9.5/10 .
