warning :
review contain slight spoilersthere is a parallel universe out there
where gone in 60 second
is a dark 
edgy 
controversial independent movie .
unfortunately in this dimansion gone ... is a flashy 
vacuous 
testosterone-fuelled moronfest starring nicola cage.for reason not really worth
getting into ,
he and his large number of crony have four day
to steal fifty expensive car ,
only one of which has an alarm .
this crew consists of the guy with the funny-shaped ears
who 's rumoured to be the new superman ;
a guy
who conducted electricity in the x-file ;
an ex-professional footballer and two token black man.their enemy are cop 
rival car thieve and bilborough from cracker 
his manchester accent suitably flattened and oadened for american audience
who are now used to that sort of thing since daphne in frasier .
there is also angelina jolie ,
who gets no character ;
save to be a receptacle to man 's sexual desire .
she and cage are supposed to be old flame ,
which is odd ,
as they never have anything approaching a normal conversation in all of the film 's overlong 135m running time.in fact ,
characterisation is so poor
that whenever anyone has a `` momant '' a violin plays in the background
to accentuate the `` emotion '' .
it is no spoiler to reveal
that vinnie jone
( who recreates his famous paul gasgoine `` hand ball '' manoeuvre
and is quite manacing when silent )
only gets one line ;
not because his inability to speak is integral to the plot
but because his eloquent summing up of the film 's dubious morality after appearing mute the whole way
through is funny .
allegedly .
after he struggles through it in his `` not-quite-acting-but-it will-do '' london drawl ,
cage quips `` i alway thought
you were from long island '' .
my ribs ,
as you might imagine ,
were well
and truly tickled.in
fact humour is the most undeveloped aspect 
from the tactless comedy policeman to the two token black character .
this sees the biggest aspect of hollywood take hold ;
why is it that a black man can not appear in a major motion picture
without being constantly aware of his skin tone and endlessly refer to it ?
the younger man ,
who 
like the elder 
jive-talk for the whole duration 
proclaims :
`` us black person do not like the cold ...
we are tropical person '' .
he then goes on to express an urge
to smoke a joint and watch root .
he is 
of course 
parodying the image of black person ,
but how funny is that ?
his older counterpart can not speak without referring to himself ,
and thereby his colour 
in third person .
`` my black ass '' this 
`` my black ass '' that .
does anyone know any black person
who actually speak like that ?
thought
not.the film 's soundtrack is played almost non-stop and with increasing volume 
some of the track -
especially apollo 440 's `` do not stop the rock '' -
so loud they are actually more audible than the sound effect and dialogue .
the surroundsound system even separates the two to such a degree
that it makes them sound like two different film
running together .
no background music concept here 
it is the aural equivalent of trying to watch a film
while someone at the back of the cinema has their stereo
turned up full blast .
`` keep that music down 
young man !
`` this is not the worst film in the world
and in many way i enjoyed it .
it is just that it is predictable 
lazy and witless 
with minimal effort in its construction .
apparently box office expectation are considerably down for this movie .
after being force-fed junk for several year
it appears
the general public are starting to wake up to the fact .
