although cameron grant was clearly hired
to replace andrew blake over at ultimate picture
when the latter started his own company
( studio a ) ,
he practically outdid the `` master '' right out of the gate
when it came to setting up steamy sex scene .
so ,
while all the window dressing blake had pioneered
( starlet in fetish lingerie and sun glass 
coiffed and made up
as if they are about to hit the catwalk )
remained very much present
and accounted for ,
grant added his own personal spin to the carnal content .
in doing so ,
he raised the heat to a level
that had eluded big a ever since his first \u0096 and imho best \u0096 film night trip .
cam 's maiden effort 
element of desire 
might still have been handicapped by an overly slavish adherence to the blake aesthetic
( with a surfeit of girl on girl grope ) ,
but his subsequent dinner party already shows him at the top of his form
in what must surely rank
as his masterpiece.the title spells out the premise as a group of well to do friend and acquaintance gather over dinner to swap sexy story 
with an extended orgy at the conclusion .
scrumptious juli ashton and tammy park smear food stuff all over each other 's flawless physique in their kitchen sequence
that is sure to delight those with a taste towards combining pleasure of the palette with those of the flesh .
busty crystal gold
( here :
`` catalina '' )
was rarely more than a reliable second-stringer ,
adding spice to several ona zee bargain basement noir ,
yet looks absolutely stunning here in a romantic four poster frolic with fabio lookalike vince voyeur .
beautiful blonde kylie ireland and yvonne ,
making out with marc davi
( for the record ,
the latter two were an item at the time )
under a waterfall 
complete the eye candy section of the movie.time
to get cooking !
early jenna jameson
( `` daisy '' back then )
foreshadows the greatness to come
as she drains frank tower
( `` mark slade '' on his subsequent shift to the gay side of the industry )
of all vital juice 
albeit with a little help from unette diva for effective contrast 
the scene 's stylish industrial
setting providing an atmospheric backdrop to the full tilt sex
taking place .
impossibly hunky construction worker gerry pike seeks to cool off on a sweltering summer day by hosing down 
a prospect too tantalizing for prim 'n ' proper business woman asia carrera
( at her all time most achingly pretty )
to pass up .
best of show must be the imaginative sequence
that has nasty norma jeane and handsome sean michael teasing the pant off each other \u0096 for starter !
\u0096
while separated by a glass partition right until the predictably splashy conclusion.with sex
that proves either artsy or hot ,
and more often than not both 
grant has concocted a veritable sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord of fleshy ware
to continue the film 's gastronomic analogy the title imply .
couple may be the prime intended audience ,
but an alternation between naughty 'n ' nice should rightfully include
that `` something for everything '' recipe so many adult feature are aiming for .
acting as his own dop ,
the director shows great eye for detail ,
like the shot of asia carrera 's pristine white shoe being spattered with mud 
enriching his vision .
this marks him out as a great filmmaker rather than a merely serviceable one ,
as was the case with nick steele
who stepped up
to take his place at ultimate \u0096
effectively making him a replacement 's replacement ?
\u0096 when he packed up for greener pasture .
