over the year 
we have seen a lot of preposterous thing
done by writer
when the show just had to go on no matter what ,
keeping `` 8 simple rule '' going
after john ritter died comes to mind ,
but this is probably the first time i cared .
the idea
of having `` that 70 's show ''
without eric or to a lesser extent kelso
is ridiculous .
they tried to cover it up with a comeback of leo and increasingly outrageous story line ,
but it always felt like why bother
when you do not have a main character anymore .
it just did not really connect ,
it was a bunch of unrelated stuff happening
that most of the time was not even funny .
the last season felt like the season too much for every single character ,
simply because eric used to take a lot of screen time
and now we 'd be smashed in the face
by how stale and repetitive the rest of the character were .
focusing on the gimmick
that is fez was thoroughly uninteresting
and the character would simply stop working ,
because the whole deal was that
he had say something weird from out of nowhere ,
and you can not say stuff from out of nowhere
when every second line is your .
they also ought in the standard cousin oliver ,
only this time it just was not a kid .
whenever you heard somebody knock on the door ,
you started praying
it was not randy ,
please let it not be randy .
the deal with randy was
that he had do really awful joke ,
usually as red would say ,
smiling like an ass and totally screwing up delivery and donna would be in stitch .
i think
more than half of the last season was donna pretending to be amused .
the problem had started earlier though :
what once was a truly great show with an equally great concept
that for once was not about a dysfunctional family
slowly got into the territory of soap opera .
everybody started being in love with everybody ,
emotional scene were dragged out at nausea ,
with just one usually lame joke placed somewhere to divert attention
that we were watching `` as the world turns '' .
i
am guessing this
was character development ,
but come on that was written almost as clumsily as the moral lesson from `` family matter '' .
to be fair ,
the last episode ,
also
because it had a cameo by topher grace
( a cameo in his own show ) ,
was really good ,
even if not that funny either.by the way 
yet more criticism on season 8 :
what the hell was with the opening theme ?
not only did they use the same joke twice
( a character not singing ) ,
fez scared the hell out of me .
dude 
do not open your eye that far .
but the first five season or so 
among the best comedy ever oadcast .
