that is right !
under 9 on average 
but maybe under 12s for some other !
i was 11
when i originally saw this on video
and at such youth i was not able to notice the shoddy cartoon-quality or the fact
that those classic character
we have all grown to love
are not the same or as good to see .
just about everything is so 2d here !
belle is ,
i will agree ,
not even beautiful but just a plain-looking woman with tinted skin ,
she wears the same ight blue dress all the way through with not one glamorous dress on ,
wardrobe is to say the least 
annoying - my ears may bleed
if i had to listen to her everyday !
lumiere 
in both the original and the christmas edition was suave and elegant ,
but here he is a womanizing 
unfunny twit !
cogsworth ,
despite being the no-nonsense housekeeper
he is famous for ,
is a complete sh-t and the most insufferable character i would say !
he always seems to find shutting
that unbearably grating pie-hole of his very difficult in this one and whose clock face should really have been used for turning back in time to the unforgettable two film in this series !
poor 
poor mrs potts was not ought to life by angela lansbury
( one of my favourite classic actress )
but by anne roger
who captured none of mrs potts ' character ,
no offence to her !
not if she did her best !
when the beast roar it sounds so horrifically fake with clearly no additional roar 
snarl or growls by a microphone .
i am aware
that this is only a third feature
following two other film so of course
it would not be as good
but i am sure
that more of a contribution would not have hurt the disney artist
who 
indeed 
have achieved such remarkable style of animation over the year .
it is alright 
i guess ,
and i do watch it sometimes though only when it suit me .
it is quite difficult to make a recommendation for you
reading this
because it depends on how old you are but remember this will not at all be what you may expect following the earlier spectacular movie !
and to think
that on my video of it the text on the back cover said
`` boasting illiant animation '' !
it is a nice little flick but for one thing
it is also highly poor and 
for another 
those 3 word ought to have been saved for the next re-release of the original !
