three girl 
the youngest descendent of the gaylord family 
one of america 's most royal family 
are orphaned at a young age .
right
before he goes off to france to fight in wwi ,
their father tells the oldest 
fiona ,
never to sell the land .
by the time the sister have become adult ,
they have had to squander most of their money
to pay for lawyer
to defend their property .
through certain loophole in the father 's will 
a man
named charle barclay stand to gain possession of the gaylord land ,
on which he wants to build a complex
called barclay circle .
barclay is actually based on john d. rockefeller ,
who was buying up land and building from affluent family in new york
so he could build rockefeller center.this film deal mostly with the melodramatic concern of the three sister .
fiona 
well
played by barbara stanwyck ,
although it is certainly not to be counted as one of her best role ,
seems like a cold 
domineering woman ,
and it becomes clear
that she has some skeleton in her closet .
susanna ,
played by nancy coleman ,
is a little ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist
named gig young .
coleman 's was my favorite performance in the film .
evelyn ,
played by geraldine fitzgerald ,
is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle
who married into noble blood in england ,
but that does not stop her from trying to steal gig from her sister .
the three sister are developed quite well but ,
as is the major trend in the gay sister ,
never well enough .
charle barclay is played by george brent .
he is not very good .
well 
he would be satisfactory
if the story had played out the way
it should have ,
but he always seems like a scumbag in the film .
when we are asked to sympathize with him late in the film ,
it is impossible .
gig young is played by 
huh ? 
gig young .
no 
he is not playing himself .
what happened is that the actor ,
who had acted in several movie
previously under his real name 
byron barr ,
was pressured by warner brother
to change his name to something more catchy .
i am not sure
who made the final choice ,
but he eventually changed his screen name to gig young 
after the character
whom he plays in the gay sister .
weird 
eh ?
young is quite good through most of the film ,
but the script does some unfortunate thing with his character late in the film
which ultimately harm the audience 's sympathy for him .
in two other supporting role 
helen thimig and gene lockhart are quite good.the gay sister had great potential
to turn out to be one of the great cinematic family sagas .
the character are all interesting ,
as are their situation .
unfortunately 
the script never strives for anything more than the simplest melodrama .
if it had made the interrelationship of all the major character more complex 
fleshed out 
for example 
the rivalry between evelyn and susanna or made the flashback more intricate ,
the film could have been fantastic .
it also could have fleshed out the prologue more ,
let us know more about the gaylord family .
we need to care more about the character
and we need to sympathize with them more .
and the ending needed some major fixing .
it basically just gives up at the end .
fiona 's problem are solved
so poorly that it hurts .
whatever sympathy her character had gained as the film progressed fall apart .
it is also far too happy .
this story seems moving toward tragedy 
or maybe just a sense of historical significance or loss .
and we still hate barclay .
and the conflict between the two sister and gig is never solved .
as bad as fiona 's story ends ,
susanna 's 
gig 's 
and evelyn 's is even worse.i still liked the film .
it is thoroughly watchable ,
even if it does not involve us like other great film of the era .
7/10 
mostly for its potential .
it should have been remade ,
or the novel should have been re-adapted 
at some point during the studio era .
it is too dated to be remade now .
the 1950s would have been the best time 
during the time of film like giant .
