this 1973 tv remake of the billy wilder classic is inferior to the original .
surprise ! first 
the good thing .
lee j. cobb makes a terrific barton keye .
he is not as good as edward g. robinson 
of course ,
but he is the only reason
to watch this .
this remake 's only improvemant over the original is that it cuts down the role of lola dietrichson 
the step-daughter of the femme fatale 
phyllis dietrichson.and
that is it for the good thing.the bad thing
are many .
the director record everything in an indifferent manner :
if you watched the film with the sound muted
you would hardly get the impression
that anything especially interesting was happening .
because of modern bad taste ,
the film must be in color instead of black and white .
because of 1970s bad taste ,
all the set are distractingly ugly .
walter neff 's expensive apartmant 
in particular 
is hideous.the modern
setting hurt in a lot of small way .
train trip were a bit more unusual in the 70s than in the 40s ,
so mr. dietrichson 's decision
to take a train
seems more of a contrivance .
man stopped wearing hat ,
which prevents walter from covering up his own hair
while posing as the white-haired mr. dietrichson .
woman in mourning stopped wearing veil ,
which robs samantha eggar of a prop barbara stanwyck made splendid use of in a key scene .
( oddly 
lola still has the line
where she reveals
that her stepmother was trying on a black hat and veil
before she had need of them .
) stephen bochco keeps much of the billy wilder-raymond chandler script the same .
but he makes a lot of tiny 
inexplicable change to the dialogue
which leave the script slightly flabby
where once it was lean and muscular .
outrageously 
the famous motorcycle-cop banter is gone ,
but look closely and you will see what looks like a post-production cut
where those line should have been .
bochco may not be to blame.richard crenna is passable as walter neff .
what might have made
this version tolerable is a really splendid phyllis dietrichson .
instead we get samantha eggar ,
who comes off like a standard-issue villainess from `` barnaby jone . ''
but who can blame eggar ?
with a director
who barely seems interested in what is happening in front of the camera ,
how could barbara stanwyck herself have come off well ?
