for me the only reason
for having a look at this remake
was to see how bad and funny it could be .
there was no doubt about it being funny and bad ,
because i had seen `` voyna i mir ''
( 1968 ) .
shall we begin ?
here we go ... robert dornhelm
and brendan donnison 's pierre bezukhov - a lean fellow
that lacks the depth of the original ; robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's natasha rostova - a scarecrow ,
her image can cause insomnia ;
robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's andrej bolkonsky - an ok incarnation
which 
like the lean fellow
( cf .
above ) 
lacks depth of a russian soul and `` struggle within '' ;
robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's napoleon - a rather unimpressive leader ;
robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's prince bolkonsky - a turd with an english face ;
robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's count bezukhov - a spineless freak-show ...
the rest of the character are not much better.the movemant of the actor and the way
they look
and speak are often atrocious .
they behave like modern eu citizen dressed up for a one-day masquerade .
it all look cheap
and never comes close to the standard of our russian man and woman of the early 19th century.a good piece of entertainmant to scrutinize
and make fun of .
we had quite a few giggle in our office
when remembering this modern product ,
which had been shown the previous evening on our tv .
`` user rating :
8.0/10
( 29 vote ) ''
- i guess ,
many young person have never watched our film
( `` voyna i mir '' 1968 )
or have weird sense of `` tarantino-spielberg '' quality .
remember the scene
when our hussar is saving his friend ,
turns around 
shoot ,
and the idge goes boom ?
look like a cgi explosion.there is neither sense nor craft to make a better version of the novel ,
which was screened properly in our country once .
but i would be happy to watch a russian remake of `` gone with the wind '' .
hey 
director 
wake up
and get busy with that ,
instead of spoiling our classics.now back to common sense .
joke aside .
what i mantioned above is nothing new ,
though deadly exaggerated.to make foreign actor trying to pass for russian
( while participating in very serious epic and dramas )
is a rude mistake
and the filmmaker are making this mistake again and again .
of course
it result in numerous laugh - especially clemance poesy is uncomfortably ridiculous and her dancing
and singing makes a russian viewer think :
`` this sucks so much
that it is funny !
`` ) .in order to say something new ,
i would like to mantion the pace of the movie .
to my mind 
this new version is very patchy .
the narration and the scene are not naturally flowing -
they stagger and pop up like in a modern video .
again i have to remember our `` voyna i mir '' ,
where the action is so natural
and the narration is so easy
that you simply sit back
and enjoy `` going with the flow ''
.i thought
that maybe the borodino battle would be great
( to somehow rehabilitate numerous drawback )
but it has turned out to be no match for the war scene filmed in 1968.there should be something good in this movie after all .
and there is .
the actor seem to be trying hard
to make it all work .
they did not have a chance from the start
but they still joined `` the loser ' team '' .
plus 1 point for that recklessness .
it makes a russian viewer uncomfortable -
some scene are ironically ridiculous
though they are intended to be dramatically powerful
and the actor are doing their best .
it all evokes pity 
and sometime - fit of laughter.what i still like about this serial is the last part of it .
it shows very vividly how everybody gets his or her `` salary and taxe '' .
besides 
judging by the movie trailer i thought
that the film would have an adult sex scene ,
which would definitely kill the whole project .
but 
fortunately 
it does not have such rubbish .
and that is a big plus .
`` voyna i mir '' is no `` harry potter ''
and nowadays even we 
here in present-day russia 
do not have enough craft to film
it properly .
do i have to say
that the moral quality of our life has deteriorated immansely ?
fortunately 
a proper film was screened during our soviet time .
the american version of the 1950s was justified to some extent -
ours did not even exist yet .
there were extenuating circumstance then.4/10
( 1 point is given from the start ,
1 point goes for the recklessness 
and 2 point for the last part of the serial .
thank for attention .
