let me tell you something about this movie .
i have seen it twice .
the first time i was a kid
and the movie was quite entertaining to me .
i really liked it .
i thought
it was funny and interesting and the main character was kind of cool.i saw
it again a few day ago .
it was horrible .
really .
i do not know
why i thought
it was funny before but now ... i did not laugh at all .
there was nothing even slightly entertaining .
it was just dumb .
the story was weak .
the acting was nothing special .
there are great actor in this movie
but still the acting is mediocre at best.what is the worst is the fact
that this movie is racist .
really .
do not get me wrong ,
usually i do not complain about racism in movie .
however i have seen person complaining about the lack of black man in movie like 'the shaolin temple ' or about the fact
that the only black man in 'the street fighter ' is one of the bad guy
or ... whatever ,
you get the point .
there are person seeing racism everywhere .
i wonder
how would they react to a movie like 'the meteor man ' .
why ?
i will tell you why .
there are no asian in this movie .
there are no white person among the good guy .
in fact there is only one white guy in the entire movie
and he is the leader of the bad guy .
all the good guy are african american .
do not get me wrong ,
i do not care is the good guy is black or white or yellow or pink or green ...
what i do care about is the fact
that we can barely see a white person in this movie .
this is the only movie like that
that i have ever seen .
it is just not realistic .
if there is only one black man in a japanese movie
which is the case with 'the street fighter '
there is no problem - in japan most of the person are asian .
but if there is only one white man in an american movie
there is some sort of problem - in usa most of the person are white .
it is like filming a japanese movie with entirely white cast
and only one asian as a bad guy .
just not real.that is it .
i am giving the movie the rate of 4/10 .
it would be 1/10
if i had not have fun with it as a kid .
