i had high expectation of this movie
( the title 
translated 
is `` how we get rid of the other '' ) .
after all 
the concept is great :
a near future
in which the ruling elite has taken the consequence of the right-wing government 's constant verbal and legislative persecution of so-called freeloader and the left wing in general ,
and decided to just kill off everyone
who can not prove
that they are contributing something to the establishment
( the establishment being called `` the common good '' ,
but actually meaning the interest of the ruling capitalist ideology )
.very cool idea !
ideal for biting satire !
only 
this movie completely blows its chance .
the satire comes out only in a few scene and performance of absurdity ,
but this satire is not sustained ;
it is neither sharp nor witty .
and for an alleged comedy 
the movie has nearly no funny scene .
the comedy 
i assume 
is supposed to be in the absurdity of the situation ,
but the situation are largely uncomfortable and over-serious 
rather than evoking either laughter or thought.the script is rife with grave error in disposition .
the action should have focused on the political aspect
and how wrong it would be to do such a thing ,
but instead oodle of time are spent on a young woman
who was the one
that wrote the new law for fun ,
and who 's trying to save everybody ,
by organizing a resistance
that ships person to africa .
all this is beside the point !
a movie like this should not pretend to be so serious !
it is a satire !
a political statement .
but it does not even begin to actually address the problem
it is supposed to be about .
maybe it was afraid of going too far ?
how cowardly .
that is not art .
it is not even real satire.s\u00f8ren pilmark 
a very serious and by now one of denmark 's absolutely senior actor ,
was very good .
he largely carried what little entertainment value
the movie had .
everybody else :
nothing special
( well 
perhaps except for lene poulsen ,
who did supply a convincing performance )
.in fact ,
a problem with most danish movie is that the language never sounds natural .
neither the formulation nor the delivery .
why is it so difficult to make it sound right ?
why must it be so stilted and artificial ?
i hope ,
when person look at these movie fifty year from now ,
they do not think
that this was how person talked in general danish society.3/10 .
