another big star cast 
another glamour 's set 
another reputed director 
another flick filled with song
that is topping the chart buster ,
but alas what is missing at the day end is a story
that every moviegoer expects of from such a big budget motion picture .
so much hype is what
that was lurking around the movie
before it is ' red carpet premiere .
a hype
which went to an extent where anil kapoor envisages
that the movie would be one of the finest love story
ever
made
after dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge .
well anilji ,
which movie were you speaking of ?
well the plot of the movie is about 6 different couple and 12 different person ,
who have a total different stance toward life ,
but despite their different approach toward life
they all have one common problem ,
that is love .
well indeed a luring theme .
but little did we expect
that the movie would be such boredom
that it will let down the last expectation
the audience would have from such a multistarrer movie .
these are kinda movie
which i totally abhor
because after spending a hefty buck for a multiplex ticket i get locked in the theatre for 4 hour
just waiting in agony for the climax.the trouble begin right from the start .
the director gets so confused with the plot
that somewhere even he gets baffled
as to how to share the time slot to six different star cast .
some of the couple like anil kapoor-juhi and sohail khan-
( whoever the female is opposite to him )
just does not make any sense for their existence in the movie .
salman
( who calls himself rahul in a weird manner for the entire movie .
well something like rahoooooool )
again as usual try to be extra cool with his videsi kinda hindi accent .
hey sallu bhai ,
now that aish is getting married ,
at least go get some tip from abhishek
to improve your acting ability .
a simple striptease would not make the movie a box office hit every time .
and anilji stop shaving your trade mark beard
or you look totally like a eunuch .
and smooching a girl of your daughter ' age just looks as uncool
as watching jack nicholson in a romantic movie .
and please nikhilji avoid putting such superfluous scene in a movie
that is totally not needed for the shot.the other bigger flaw in the movie was
that there was not any perfect synchronization between the story of different couple .
every story itself looks
as if it is taken from different flick ,
put together
to form a sadistic plot of salaam-e-ishq .
bollywood still has to learn a lot from movie like snatch 
memento
where the director knows the perfect art of threading the different unrelated sequence
to form a perfect blended storyline.somewhere
while i was evaluating the pre-release movie reviews
someone predicted
that the movie would not do good
because the title of this movie adds up to the number 28 ,
and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology .
but i totally take my stand
by saying
the movie will fail not coz of its numerology defect ,
but because of the myriad of flaw
that persisted in the movie .
and when director like nikhil advani can make such major blunder in the entire storyline of the movie ,
any wonder would not have saved the movie from bombing at the box office.my suggestion for all you guys is ,
please avoid watching this movie at any cost .
it is not worth a pie
that you pay for the ticket .
there indeed are better movie on theater screen
currently which are worth watching more than salaam-e-ishq .
