legend of zui remember well tsui hark 's original zu warrior made 18 year earlier .
over one christmas 
on a rare week
when channel 4 in the uk showed a week of hong kong movie ,
zu warrior was so gripping for a very young viewer and his other and so memorable ,
that it is been etched into the memory of the now grown up sprog ... in fact ,
i think
the original zu warrior is one of the earliest film i
saw as a kid
that i can clearly recall the story line and action scene from .
and the memory of seeing yuen biao 
sammo hung and other in their classic prime.so
when i saw this remake of zu warrior ,
there was a feeling of apprehension .
could it beat the dreamy childhood memory i had of the original ,
or will it follow the road of other remake
and die a death more horrible than the baddy and their oken neck you find in those kung fu movie ?
well the answer is i can not say .
but that was
because this is not really a remake .
the story
( and style )
are almost completely different.the legend of zu tell of the story of king sky 
a lone warrior ,
whose master 
dawn 
declares her love for him
but her life is taken from her by a monster
called insomnia .
two hundred year later 
insomnia return 
dawn is reincarnated as enigma ,
and insomnia has returned to destroy zu .
meanwhile white eyeow and red try 
with the help of king sky ,
to stop insomnia.the plot
is not one full of twist and turn ,
but had enough detail
in it to keep me interested .
but i can see this film
as one you either love or you hate .
the film is very much about the special effect ,
with the majority
of it involving several computer generated environment ,
much like the storm rider and a man
called hero .
but unlike the other two 
this film was one
which did not overdo the graphic
and the whole thing was tasteful .
nothing appear rushed - unlike hero .
the background were complementary to the acting
and not at all overpowering the scene.the story also involves plenty of character and the intermingling of so many individual does make the film intriguing .
it was possibly on the verge of 'too many cook ' ,
but generally each character had its part in the story .
but some of the role appear to be 'extended cameos ' in my opinion ,
and i somehow am left to slightly question
the necessity of this.ekin cheng and louis koo play very central role in the film ,
but i could not say
this film showed their best performance .
cecilia cheung appear to at least have matured in her acting ,
but it is still quite raw .
kelly lin was the new revelation for me .
despite her very short role ,
i have apologise
and admit to ogling ! overall ,
i have to say ,
did enjoy this film as much
as i enjoyed the 'original ' .
given
that both movie are made by the legendary tsui hark ,
the two film together are part of a chronicle showing
how film making in hong kong has changed over two decade .
and one beauty of that is the fact
that you can not really compare the two film at all ,
as much as apple are apple and pear are pear.ultimately ,
both are thoroughly enjoyable film in their own right .
and i am going back to reminisce
by watching the original again.two to watch 
but not compare .
