quite what the producer of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom.a group of top quality actor 
in the main well cast
( with a couple of notable exception ) ,
who give pretty good performance .
penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise
and equally good is joanna lumley as diana .
all do well with the script
they were given.so much for the good .
the average would include the set .
nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book ,
although bizarrely the house
they use for the dower house
looks remarkably like it .
it is clear then that the dower house is far too big .
in the later part 
the writer decided to ing the entire story back to the uk ,
presumably to save money ,
although with a little imagination i have no doubt
they could have recreated ceylon.now to the bad .
the screenplay .
this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find word to condemn it .
edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives 
blinded .
he makes a ief appearance then commits suicide - why ? ?
loveday has changed from the young woman
totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer 's wife
who can give up the love her life with barely a tear
( less emotional than brief encounter ) .
gus 
a man besotted and passionately in love 
is prepared to give up his love without complaint .
walter
( mudge in the book )
turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man .
jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman
who will not speak .
aunt biddy still has a drink problem
but now
without any justification .
the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess
who has a fear of armed soldier .
whilst miss mortimer 's east are utterly delightful ,
i could not see how their display on several occasion moved the plot forward .
the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson .
the word limit
prevent me from continuing the list.there
is a sequel
( which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense )
and i wonder
if the change were made to create the follow on story .
it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book ;
presumably she lost her control
when the right were purchased .
