the story-line of `` the thief of bagdad '' is complex ,
owing to its being told in flashback
and having three separate and equally important strand woven together .
the screenplay by lajo biro and the dialogue by mile malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points.the young king ahmad of bagdad is angry at his vizier jaffar for executing a man
for having different idea .
he discovers
while in disguise that person blame him for jaffar 's deed and hate him .
he is imprisoned by jaffar ,
where he meets abu the young thief .
the two escape and take a boat to the city of basra .
there the companion spy
when man clear the way
so none will see the princess of the city passing by .
ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden .
he tells
her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss .
then he is captured .
when jaffar comes to win the princess of basra for himself 
ahmad attacks the evil vizier
who blinds him
and turns abu into a dog .
jaffar then asks for the princess 's hand ,
and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the sultan of basra .
the blind ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace ,
accompanied by abu as his dog .
the prince has fallen into a sleep
and nothing can wake her .
so jaffar sends his servant halima for ahmad and the dog ,
in hopes the prince can rouse her .
he does awaken her .
she boards a ship
to find a doctor to cure ahmad ,
but she is captured by jaffar
who then throws the dog overboard .
she then allows jaffar to take her in his arm ,
on his promise to restore ahmad 's sight
and turn abu back into a thief .
the princess see a vision of ahmad ;
he is in a boat ;
jaffar sends a storm
to beset him
and abu
is shipwrecked on a deserted island .
abu finds a genie or djinn
who wants to kill him now
that he is free
after many century spent imprisoned in a bottle .
abu tricks him into proving
he really came from so small a vessel ,
then corks him in again .
for freeing him 
he gets three wish .
his first is for sausage .
in the meanwhile 
the princess pleads with her father to refuse jaffar ;
but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy ,
one of whose six arm stabs him to death .
abu makes a second wish ,
to find ahmad .
the cunning genie fly him to the goddess of the all-seeing eye .
abu has to climb a great web
to get to the gem
that is the eye ,
battling a giant spider ,
then scaling the goddess 's statue .
abu gazes into the 'eye ' and see ahmad in a canyon .
he has the genie take him to ahmad .
ahmad uses the eye
to see the princess .
she smells a flower and forget everything at once .
abu wish
they were in bagdad ,
but the genie laughs and leaves ;
jaffar tells the princess
that she is in love with him 
omitting mantion of ahmad .
ahmad try to fight his way to the princess ,
but jaffar smashes the 'eye ' .
abu finds himself in the `` land of legend '' ,
where the old man
who rule want to make him their king .
he steals a bow and a magic carpet and escape instead ,
to hurry to save ahmad and the princess .
the thief arrives in time
to save the young king from the executioner ,
using his bow from the flying carpet 
to the wonder of the throng
who had come to watch the execution .
jaffar try to flee on the mechanical flying horse ,
but another shot from the bow finishes him .
ahmad is ruler again and plan to wed his princess ;
but
when he try to make abu his vizier 
the young thief refuse ,
saying
that what he wants is adventure 
not hard work and confinemant in a palace however grand
it may be .
this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda .
the production was designed by vincent korda
who was also art director ,
while george perinal did the colorful cinematography .
the director credited are ludwig berger and michael powell 
with tim whelan 
alexander korda 
william cameron manzies and zoltan korda participating .
the extraordinary and numerous costume design were the work of john armtrong 
oliver messel and marcel verte .
the production ,
apart from its gorgeous and expensive-looking visual splendor ,
i claim is dominated by two other elemants 
the choral music of miklos rozsa and the performance by conrad veidt as the evil jaffar .
rex ingram plays the genie with a curious accent ,
plus his usual intelligence and power .
june duprez is lovely and effective
as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima ,
and mile malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious sultan .
as ahmad 
john justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some ;
he is memorably good in his winning role .
this film has a spaciousness about it
that is found 
i assert 
in other korda work also .
its imaginative content stand in contrast to very-strong realistic set 
costume and set-design elemants .
this is one of the most memorable idea-level fantasy of all time ,
worthy to be enjoyed over and over .
