retitled from its original japanese name of laputa
( for being an offensive phrase ,
something
which director hayao miyazaki was oblivious to at the time ) ,
castle in the sky is the master animator 's third film ,
and it is one of his most beloved of all time .
initially a box office disappointment in its 1986 release ,
it has since been emaced by critic and audience around the world .
inspired by jonathan swift 's `` gulliver 's travel '' ,
castle in the sky is a steampunk-themed action adventure tale about two young orphan
-- young miner pazu 
and mysterious girl sheeta
( who wears a magic crystal around her neck ) --
who team up
to find the long-lost island of laputa ,
which is rumored to have great rich and gem .
they are aided by a band of bumbling yet sympathetic air pirate
led by the feisty dola
( who at first chase them ,
yet turn out to be true ally )
and pursued by the government
headed by its villainous topmost-secret agent 
muska ,
who wants the power of laputa for his own benefit.for anyone looking for an exciting way
to spend two hour ,
this film is an excellent choice ,
featuring just the right amount of humor 
exploration 
wonder ,
and mystery to keep one interested .
the artwork ,
although not as spectacular as in some of miyazaki 's later movie ,
is fantastic and gorgeous enough
to watch with imaginative character and location 
incredibly exciting action scene 
and eathtaking flight sequence
that will make one feel giddy .
and while the character
that populate this tale are less complex than miyazaki 's other work ,
each has a memorable 
endearing personality
that stays with the viewer long
after the film is over .
dola 
in particular 
makes for a terrific comic character ,
shouting order to her dimwitted son one moment
and being protective of sheeta the next .
muska is one of the few miyazaki creation
to ever come across as an irredeemable villain 
but like dola ,
he commands every scene
he is in with a sinister charisma
that is both alluring and chilly.anime fan have often compared this movie to gainax 's sci-fi adventure series nadia :
the secret of blue water .
after all 
both work share similar story and character element ... not to mention
that they were both created by miyazaki himself .
where both differ is in their execution .
nadia 
although charming for the most part 
suffered from taking a wrong turn at its midway point 
devolving into cartoonish nonsense
which all but distracted from the main plot ,
even though it did have a strong ending .
castle in the sky 
on the other hand 
remains consistently entertaining
and focused for its two hour running time ,
and is all the better for it .
while the film 's epic tone is sometime oken up by some `` cartoonish '' moment ,
like a awl between pazu 's boss and one of dola 's son ,
it is never to the point
that it detracts from the film.about eleven year ago ,
disney released an english version featuring a cast of big-name such as jame van der beek 
anna paquin 
cloris leachman 
mark hamill 
mandy patinkin as well as some cameo appearance by veteran such as tress macneille and jim cumming .
it also features an ambitious reworking of joe hisaishi 's gorgeous musical score for a performance by the seattle music orchestra
( interestingly 
the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself ) .
as much as purist have cried blasphemy over this version for its occasional extra dialogue and the aforementioned rescore ,
miyazaki had no such problem ;
in fact 
he is said to have applauded the reworking 
and for good reason 
because the newly rerecorded music is truly the star of the new dub .
while there are some instance
where filling in some critially silent scene from the original japanese is a bit jarring
( notably the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud ) ,
the overall reworking is fantastic and in many way improve on the original 
particularly in scene such as when a robot attacks a fortress and the climactic moment toward the end .
here 
hisaishi displays his musical versatility and genius for matching music to visual .
as far as the performance in the dub go 
the lead are probably at the short end of the stick ;
jame van der beek 's pazu sound significan notly more mature than his character ,
while anna paquin 's sheeta speaks with an odd accent
that fluctuates at time
( a problem
which actually work in favor of the character ) .
that said ,
both do good job overall and provide a fairly believable chemistry throughout .
it is the lively supporting cast 
however ,
that really make this dub so much fun 
particularly cloris leachman 's dola and mark hamill 's muska .
both are perfectly cast
and steal every scene
they are in ;
as with the rescore 
these two really warrant a listen to the disney dub .
the script adaptation border on the loose side at time
-- there is quite a bit of extra line and/or commentary
( some of which are pricelessly funny and other somewhat overdone ) --
but aside from at least one debatable alteration
( sheeta 's speech in the climactic showdown `` the world can not live without love ''
as opposed to the original `` you can not survive apart from mother earth '' ) ,
the overall character 
story 
and spirit remain fairly faithful to the original .
on the whole 
there is little point comparing the disney version to the original language track ;
each puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece ,
and i like them both .
( they are also better than streamline/jal 's more literal but frightfully robotic 
lifeless 
abysmally acted and poorly written older dub from the late 1980 's ;
do not believe anybody
who says
this version is `` superior '' to disneys
-- trust me 
the opposite is true . )
either way 
though 
you can not go wrong with castle in the sky .
it is one of miyazaki 's all-time greatest ,
and i highly recommend it .
