( there are spoiler )
homicidal nymphomaniac hooker miya 
kari wuhrer 
takes over the life and car of 18 virgin ,
even though he is too embarrassed to admit it 
collage freshman trent colbert 
kristoffer ryan .
by the end of the movie myia not only deflower but give poor innocent and naive trent a lesson
in how to spot a dangerous nut job
and keep as far away for him 
or her ,
in order to keep from ending up
turning into one .
hanging around a trucker rest-stop miya
is picked up by roy 
burt young 
for some hot and heavy action 
in the back seat of his buggy .
roy is either too drunk or stupid
to realize
that miya is non other then his estranged daughter !
outraged
that miya is reluctant to get it on with him roy almost strangles her to death
only to be interrupted by first year collage student trent colbert
who plows into the rest-area side swiping one of the trucker .
seeing her chance miya jumps into trent 's car
and the two are off in what turns out to be the weirdest car chase ever
put into a movie .
going all across the north eastern usa the two end up
involved in a truck car smash-up a murder and a shootout with the state trooper
that then leads to trent 's parent home ,
with them being held hostage .
it is there
that there is another wild shootout between the crazed miya with an entire swat team
reinforced by the local police and state trooper .
you would expect a movie like `` hit and run ''
to be intentionally or unintentionally funny
but it is not .
in fact the film is very disturbing in how miya treat everyone in the film
that she comes in contact with even her perverted and child-molesting father roy .
getting trent to drive her all over the north-east miya gets the poor slob drunk
having it on with him in a motel room ,
together with whip handcuff and a lighted candle .
miya also gets it on with the motel owner
the horny mr. foster by tricking him into giving her his gun ,
as being part of some weird sex game .
after holding foster up she takes off with trent 's ,
who out cold in his motel room ,
wallet with some $ 400.00
in it yet does not bother to drive away with his car .
needing the money
to pay for gas
to get home to his parent for thanksgiving trent
gets a call on his cellphone from miya
to pick her up at a local diner
to get his money back .
like the jerk
that he is trent pick up miya ,
who 's now a fugitive from he law ,
and later gets involved with her father roy on the open highway
as he tries to run both trent and miya off the road .
the chase ends up in this deserted wear-house
that roy chase miya 
out running him on a muddy road in high-heels ,
into with him getting it in the you know
where with a blast from his own shotgun .
roy was so busy
trying to take his pant off
that
he forgot
he left the gun unattended .
with both a holdup and murder 
as well as a hit and run 
charge against them the two desperado stop off at a sandm/tattoo boutique
where trent gets his ear and nose pierced
and is dressed up in leather and chain 
by myri 
together with a matching his and her dog collar .
this in order to meet his straight-laced and conservative parent for thanksgiving dinner .
having a running shootout with the state trooper ,
with one of them ending up badly injured ,
the two fugitive from the law end up at trent 's parent mr and mrs colbet 
david keith and elaine martyn home with the entire local police force 
with a swat team ,
waiting for them there .
obnoxious movie with a truly disturbing final ending
that made you wonder
what exactly the movie was trying ,
if at all ,
to tell it is audience .
you felt a lot of sympathy for miya at first
but as the movie rolled along
to it is downbeat ending
that evaporated as fast as a tray of ice cub in death valley .
even though roy was the most unlikable person in the movie at first by the time
the film ended miya
totally eclipsed him .
