when watching a bug 's life for the first time in a long while ,
i could not help but see the comparison with last year 's happy foot .
as far as the main storyline goes ,
they are very similar ,
an outcast doing what he can to fit
in while also attempting to be special .
it just goes to show you how much better that film could have been without its liberal diatribe conclusion .
a lot of person disagree with me
when i say
that i really like pixar 's sophomore effort .
sure
it does not manage to capture the splendor of toy story ,
nor is the animation out of this world .
however 
the story is top-notch
and the character are wonderful to spend time with .
with plenty of laugh and a moral center to boot 
i could watch this one just as much
as the studio 's other classics.there is a lot
about finding strength from within
to conquer all odd here .
between our lead flick needing to keep his self-esteem up to save his colony ,
the colony needing to open their eye onto a new way
of living for the future ,
and the circus bug finding
that they are more than just untalented sideshow freak ,
everyone evolves into a better bug by the end of the story .
even the villain hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reason .
he is not doing it to be mean ,
but instead understand the fact
that the ant outnumber him 100 to 1. he needs them to fear him in order to not have to worry about them finding out the truth .
it is very much a circle of life ,
but not one
that can not evolve with the ages.when thinking about the animation ,
it is actually quite good .
compared to antz 
the rival film of the time ,
this is much more realistic and less cartoony .
the water is rendered nicely ,
as is the foliage .
you do not have to look much further than the ant ' eye
to see
how much detail went into the production .
the reflection and moistness ,
despite the smooth exterior ,
shows the realism .
all the bug are finely crafted too .
the fly in the city and the crazy mix of creature recruited
to save the ant are never skimped on 
whether for a small role or a more expanded one .
it is also in the city
that we see the workmanship on the environment .
while ant island is nice ,
it is just the outdoor .
bug city contains plenty of garbage doubling as building and club .
it is a great showing of humor and inventiveness
to see
what the animator used for everything .
from the ice cube tray as circus stand 
the animal cracker box as circus wagon\u0097complete with full nutrition guide on the side\u0097and crazy compilation of box
to create a time square of billboard and facade ,
everything is done right.as far as much of the humor ,
you have to credit the acting talent for wonderful delivery and inspired role choice .
no one could do a male ladybug better than dennis leary with his acerbic wit .
i dare you to think of someone better .
our lead are great too with dave foley as flick and julia louis-dreyfus as princess atta 
as well as the always-fantastic kevin spacey as hopper .
spacey not only steals many scene from the movie ,
but also takes center stage in the blooper during the credit .
yes 
a bug 's life was the originator of animated outtake from pixar 
a tradition
that has continued on .
with many tongue-in-cheek bug joke laced throughout 
you also have to give prop to the huge supporting cast .
full of `` those guy actor 
'' it is person like richard kind 
brad garrett 
and the late joe ranft as heimlich the worm
who ing the biggest laugh.overall ,
it may be the simplest story ought to screen by pixar 
one
that has been told in one form or the other numerous time over the year ,
but it is inspired enough and fresh enough
to deliver an enjoyable experience .
there are joyous moment 
sad time 
and even action packed scene of suspense with bird coming
in to join the fun .
complete with a couple of my favorite pixar character 
tuck and roll ,
there is not too much bad
that i can think of saying about it .
